Two large balls, one blue and one green are near the top of the frame, evenly spaced.  There is a small red ball below the green ball, which is on the left.  The red ball is closer to the ground than the green ball.
The tiny red ball is in the lower lefthand corner with the larger  green ball above it. Further to the right is the larger blue ball.
All three balls are suspended in the air. The large red ball is in the left, the small green ball is in the upper middle, and the medium blue ball is on the upper right.
All three balls are equally spaced, with the medium red ball towards the bottom, the tiny green ball directly above it, and the medium blue ball equally spaced to the right hand side.
A red ball hovers at the bottom left. A green ball hovers at the top left. The blue ball hovers at the center top right.
A distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom.
Initially given three balls its color was orange blue and green. The orange ball is in top of the middle.And the green and blue ball also given in middle. The orange ball slightly larger than the size of the green and blue ball.
The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform
The purple bar is on the side and the black platform at the bottom. The green ball is hovering over the black platform and the red ball is above the green ball. The green color ball is smaller than the red color ball.
The black bar located at the bottom.The purple platform located right corner.The red ball located top right side.The green ball located above the black bar.The red ball larger than the green ball.The black bar and purple platform joint at the bottom right.
The black platform is in the middle.Above the black platform green ball located on top position.Red ball is located below the green ball.Red ball is located at left of the green ball.Red ball is bigger than green.The purple bar is located at the bottom below the black bar.
The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom.The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.
The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom.The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.
The green bar is directly above a black bar which is above the purple bar.  The black bar is half the size of the purple bar and is halfway between the green ball and the purple bar.
A red ball hovers at the center right. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the right wall.
Red ball fall down. The red ball lands on the bottom first, and . The green ball is then bounced to left, lands on the green platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the empty platform and finally not lands on the purple bar at the bottom.
There is a vertical green bar in a jar.  There is a red ball suspended above the green vertical bar.
The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom.
The purple platform is in the right, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the purple platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the right side.
Here vertical and horizontal black bar, blue bar located.And also the green,red and black ball located.The verticle black bar is located verticle in the left middle.The green ball located at the top.The red ball located edge of the blue bar.The black bar located above the bottom.The black ball located bottom of the black bar.The blue bar located above the black ball.The green and black ball are same in size.The red ball is larger than black and green ball.
There is a medium sized black ball underneath a blue bar, acting like a fulcrum. The large red ball hovers over the right side of the fulcrum, and the medium sized green ball (equal to the black ball) hovers further towards the top on the other side of the fulcrum.
The black ball is in the middle.Above the black platform green ball located on top position.Red ball is located below the green  ball.Red ball is located st left of the green ball.Red ball is bigger than green.The purple bar is located at the bottom below the black bar.
The jar is in the middle and the red ball above the jar but it not touch the jar. Above the red ball there is green ball. Green ball is smaller than the red ball. In the bottom there is a purple bar.
Two black ramps lower towards each other at the top like a funnel, with a tiny green ball inside the funnel. A larger red ball is underneath held in middair.
The black platform is to guiding the red and green ball towards the purple color jar, the red ball is bigger then green ball
The black platform is in the middle.Above the black platform green ball located on top position.Red ball is located below the green ball.Red ball is located at left of the green ball.Green ball is bigger than red.The purple bar is located at the cross below the black bar.
The black platform is in the left, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the purple platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the center line.
The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball and green ball on the purple platform. The purple platform at the right side.
There is a long black ramp coming from the top left corner and a smaller purple ramp coming from the right. A large red ball and medium sized green ball hover over the ramps, with the red ball above the black ramp and the green ball in the gap between them.
The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom.
The black bar is on n the top left corner and  the purple bar is on the middle.there are two balls one is red color and it is bigger is size and another ball is green  and it is little smaller then the green ball.green ball is placed on the black bar and the red ball is placed on the top of the red ball.
A red ball is on the wall black bar at the center of it. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the center top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards.
The green ball is on the top and the red ball is located below the green ball. The purple bar at the bottom. Above the purple bar there is lot black ball. Most of the balls seen above the purple bar and some of them on the right side and few of them in the left side.
There is a vertical black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball.
The black platform in the middle above bar.The green ball located in the top position .Red ball is located in the side below the green ball.The red ball located at the left of the green.The red ball is located is bigger than green.the purple bar is located at the bottom the black bar.
The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.
There is a vertical black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball.
The large black bar located at middle.And small vertical black bar located left of the black platform.The red ball located above the small black bar.The green ball located above the red ball.The purple platform located right of the  black platform.The red ball is larger than green ball.
The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom.
There is a slightly concave black platform, which is slightly longer than the size of the green ball and which is approximately in the middle of the chart on the y-axis and its distance to the right wall is slightly larger than the size of the red ball. There is a green ball resting directly in the center of the black platform. The red ball is approximately four times as large as the green ball and is placed above the green ball and slightly to the right side. The purple bar is at the bottom.
The black platform is in the middle.Above the black platform green ball located on top position.Red ball is located below the green ball.Red ball is located at left of the green ball.Red ball is bigger than green.The purple bar is located at the bottom below the black bar.
There are several ramps in a vertical line that tilt down and to the right. The red ball is above the ramp that is 3 from the top. About the width of 2 gray balls to the right of this there is a vertical divider with a hole in the middle. The purple bar is on the bottom to the right of this divider. At the top, the green ball is to the left of the divider and the gray ball is to the right of it.
There are a row of black platforms to the left that are slanted down towards the middle and a black bar vertically down the middle with a hole the size of the grey ball a little more than halfway up. The green ball is hovering at the top between the slanted platform and the bar, the red ball is on the edge of the third platform from the top, and the grey ball is to the right of the bar in the middle parallel to the third platform from the bottom.
