"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |the green and blue are the same distance above the ground, with the green to the left and blue to the right. Directly below and to the right side of the blue is a small red ball."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The red ball is in the bottom left corner, and the green and blue balls are suspended in the air. The green ball is nearly above the red ball."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The green and blue balls are small and start about a fourth the way up in elevation. Above the blue ball is a much larger red ball that is slightly to the right of center of the blue ball."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The blue and green ball are a fourth the way up which the green on the left side having a small red ball underneath it on the left side."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |A larger green ball and smaller blue ball are the same distance above the ground near the middle. Above the green to its left side is a medium sized red ball."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |Blue ball is on top of red ball and green ball is next to it.  All three balls are suspended in the air at the mid way point."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The larger green ball and blue ball are about halfway up in elevation. A small red ball is below the blue ball, right of center."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The green and blue ball are in the middle vertically with the green on the left. Below the green is a larger red, slight to the left of center of the green."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The blue and green balls are the same size and the same distance above the ground, with four balls width between them. The green on the right has a small red ball beneath it to the left side."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The green ball and blue ball are horizontally even.  The red ball is directly under the blue ball."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The green and blue balls are 40% up in elevation of the total height, with the smaller green just to the left of center and the blue about a widths distance from the right side. A larger red is above the green and to the left slightly."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The green and blue balls are a fourth of the way up in elevation, with the blue ball around 2 widths distance from the right side and larger then the green on the left which is directly touching the left side. A small red ball is below the green the the left of center of the green."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The green ball and blue ball are suspended in the air at the top of the graph.  The red ball is directly underneath the green ball."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The blue and green ball are the same distance from the ground near the upper middle, with the red slightly above the green ball and to the left."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom. |The blue and green balls are the same distance up near the top, with the green ball on the left having a larger red ball above it directly above its left side."
"A small green ball and a slightly larger blue ball are a fourth the height up from the bottom. The green is near the middle and the blue on the right side edge."
"A red ball hovers at the center top. A green ball hovers at the center left. The blue ball hovers at the center center."
"A tiny red ball is near the bottom, with a larger green ball above it and another larger blue ball next to the green ball."
"There is a green ball hovering in the top left. There is a blue ball hovering in the top right. There is a red ball hovering in the bottom left."
"From left to right, the medium green ball and medium blue ball are at the top, with a large red ball underneath the blue ball about halfway down."
"A green ball hovers at the top right. A red ball is right below it hovering. A black bar is right below it hovering. A purple bar is the floor."
"A green and slightly large blue ball are two thirds the way up in elevation. A small red ball rests on the ground below the green ball and to its left."
"From left to right the green, blue, and red balls are all suspended in the air."
"A green ball hovers at the top middle. A blue ball hovers in the top right. A red ball hovers in the middle right."
"There is a green ball and blue ball suspended in the air at mid height next to each other.  The red ball is just above the green ball suspended."
"A red ball hovers at the center right. A green ball hovers at the center top. The blue ball hovers at the center top right."
"There is a red ball suspended and the green ball just above it suspended in the air.  There is a blue ball suspended at the same height on the right side of the green ball."
"There is a red ball suspended in the air.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball and a blue ball suspended at the same height of the green ball on the right side of it."
"There's a large red ball near the bottom right, a medium green ball on the  top left, and a small blue ball on the top right."
"A green ball hovers at the top right corner. A blue ball hovers at the top center. A red ball hovers at the bottom center."
"The green and blue balls are halfway up vertically. The smaller green ball on the left has a larger red ball below it, slightly to the left of center."
"The green and slightly smaller blue are at the same height about a third the way up. Above the green and slightly to the left is a large red ball."
"Three medium sized balls are placed equal distance apart. From left to right they are green, blue, and red."
"The large green ball is hovering in the middle. The smallest of the three balls, the red ball is hovering near the top and closer towards the right end. The medium-sized blue ball is positioned directly below the red ball. Both the green and blue balls are positioned at the same height."
"There is no platform in the bar chart. There are there balls like red ball, green ball and blue ball. The red ball is greater than the other two balls."
"A large red ball is in the center of the screen, with a green and blue ball slightly higher and to the left."
"There are, from left to right, a large red ball, medium green ball, and small blue ball in the air near the top. The red and green are closer together than the blue."
"The green and blue ball are the same size and at the halfway point in elevation. A large red ball is below the green and to the left."
"All three balls: green, blue, and red, hover in the center height of the area. The green ball is to the left, and the blue red balls are more to the right of center and touching each other."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green ball hovers at the center top left. The blue ball hovers at the center top."
"A blue and green ball of the same size are a third the way up from the bottom. A red ball is below the green ball slightly to its right on the ground."
"There is a red ball on the ground on the left side and a green ball suspended above it with a blue ball suspended beside the green ball."
"From left to right, the small green, large blue, and large red ball are all in t he air."
"The green and blue balls are near the top. Below the green on the left is a red ball above halfway down."
"The green and blue balls are equally sized and placed a short distance apart from each other in the near middle. A tiny red dot is positioned a little above them."
"A green ball hovers at the top left. A blue ball hovers at the top center right. A red ball hovers at the left center."
"From left to right, the green, blue, and red balls are all the same size and floating in the air. The green ball is further to the left, and the blue and red balls are above one another on the right side."
"All three balls are suspended in the air. the green ball and the blue ball are at the same level with the blue ball farthest to the right and the green ball to it's left. The red ball is suspended above and slightly to the left of the green ball."
"A green and blue ball about a third the way up in elevation are the same size. A larger red ball is to the left of center of the green ball."
"A red ball is hovering at the top center. A green ball is hovering at the center center. A blue ball is hovering at the right center."
"Three small balls are in the bottom left hand corner of the area. The green and blue are the same size and directly across from each other, and underneath the blue is tiny red."
"A red ball hovers at the center center. A green ball hovers over the red ball at the center top. The blue ball hovers at the center far right."
"The large red ball is hovering in the middle towards the left end. The smallest of the three balls, the green ball is hovering slightly right above the red ball. The medium-sized blue ball is positioned near the top and closer to the right end. Both the green and blue balls are positioned at the same height."
"A green ball is in the left center of the frame and a red one is in the right center. Beneath the green ball is a red ball. They are all about the same size."
"There are three balls like red, blue and green ball. The green ball is slightly greater than than other two ball. The balls are fall to the bottom"
"A red ball hovers at the center top. A green ball hovers at the center bottom. The blue ball hovers at the bottom right."
"A red ball is in the top middle hovering. The blue ball is hovering in the center center. The green ball is hovering in the center left."
"There is a medium red sized ball about halfway down the area on the left side, and two smaller green and blue balls above it. The small green ball is almost directly above the red ball, and the blue ball is to the right."
"There is a green ball suspended just above the black platform and a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"There is a black bar and a green ball suspended above it.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball slightly to the right."
"There is a black platform with a green ball suspended above the platform and the red ball suspended above the green ball."
"There is a black platform, and the right wall is purple. A small green ball is to the right near the black platform and a larger red ball is further up near the top."
"The red ball is in the air, while the green ball is in the center of black line."
"A red large ball is above a small green ball on the left side. The green ball is on a black platform and a purple vertical bar is on the left side."
"The red ball is in the air above the green ball and black line."
"There is a green ball suspended in the air and a red ball above the green ball.  There is a black platform below the balls."
"The red ball is in the top right. It is hovering over the green ball. The green ball is hovering over the black bench. The purple bar is on the far right."
"There is a black bar running along the bottom with a small gap at each end. Th purple bar is vertical along the right side. The green ball is suspended  over the black bar slightly to the right of center. The larger red ball is placed above and slightly to the left of the green ball."
"The large red ball is in the middle of the screen, with a tiny green ball underneath it. Both balls hover over a black platform with a purple line on the right."
"There is a black platform floor and a purple wall on the left. A tiny green ball is barely above the floor on the left side and a larger red ball is towards top, but almost directly above the green ball."
"The large red ball and green ball are in the air above a flat black platform. The purple line is on the right. Both balls are on the right hand side, but the green ball is closer to the floor and the red ball is in the air."
"The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. The purple bar in the left side. The purple bar at the left side."
"There is a green bar on the black platform with a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"A green ball in the middle horizontally is above a black platform about a ball width. Above the green ball is a very large red ball. A vertical purple bar is on the right side."
"The small red ball and larger green ball hover directly above the black platform. The purple line is vertical on the right."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball and green ball on the purple platform. The purple platform at the right side."
"There is a green ball suspended above a black platform.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"The green and red balls are in the center of the area. The green ball is near the floor and the red ball is at the top. The purple line is on the left wall."
"There is a black platform with a green ball suspended above it and a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"The green  ball rests on the black platform and the red ball is in the air directly above it. The purple line is vertical on the left."
"There is a black horizontal platform and a purple wall on the left. A small green ball and large red ball are placed in the air, almost on top of each other with the green ball closest to the platform."
"There is a green ball suspended above a black platform.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"There is a black bar along the bottom and a purple one on the right side. There's a minuscule red ball near the center and a small green one above it."
"There is a black bar and a green ball suspended just above the black bar that is horizontal.  there is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball is placed in the black platform at the right side.The purple platform in the right side.The red ball is slightly greater than the green ball"
"There are two walls. black wall is placed slightly above the bottom wall and blue wall is placed at the right side of the wall .There are two balls red and green where red ball is bigger than green ball.Red ball is placed above right side of the wall and green ball is placed little left of the red ball"
"There is a black platform extending from the right wall and above it there's a large red ball. Above the large red ball and a little to the left is a medium green ball, and the entire floor is purple."
"A small red ball rests on a black platform attached to the right side. Above the red ball is a green slightly larger ball."
"A green ball hovering at the center top right. A red ball is hovering at the center right. A black wall bar is at the center right. A purple bar is the floor."
"The black platform is in the middle towards extreme right. The small green ball is hovering above the black platform. The larger red ball is placed slightly towards the left and below the green ball but above the black platform. The purple bar is at the bottom."
"The large red ball and medium green ball are in the air above a small black platform, on the right hand side of the screen. The entire floor is purple. The green  ball is slightly above the red ball."
"There is a small green ball suspended over a larger red ball. Both balls are above a black platform, and the entire floor area is purple."
"There is a black bar and a red ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a black bar and red ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a small black platform on the right with a tiny red ball directly above it. There is a larger green ball above the red ball, and the entire floor is a purple goal area."
"There is a horizontal purple bar with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball right above the red ball."
"The green ball is suspended at the top of the graph and the red ball is slightly below the green ball slightly on the side.  They are both underneath the black platform."
"There is a black platform with the red ball suspended above the platform and the green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a black platform and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a black bar with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball suspended just above the red ball."
"There is a black bar on the right side with a red ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a black platform extending from the right wall. Above it is a large red ball and above the large red ball is a medium green ball."
"The black platform is the middle of the left side with a distance of green ball is slightly greater than the red ball. The purple platform at the bottom. The green ball fall to the purple bar."
"There is a long black platform with the purple goal floor underneath it. The big red ball is directly above the platform, and so is the green medium sized ball, just a little further to the left."
"There is a black bar suspended in the air with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A green ball is above a small red ball. A third the way up below both balls is a black platform horizontal at about 60% the available width. On the ground is a purple platform."
"There is a red ball suspended above a black platform.  Above the red ball is a green ball suspended just above it."
"Medium sized red and green balls hover near the top of the screen above a black line. The black line has a small opening on the right hand side, revealing a purple floor."
"The large red ball and medium green ball are in the air above a small black platform. The red ball is underneath and the green ball is on top. The black platform is above a purple floor."
"The green and red ball are in the air above a small black line."
"There is a black platform and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a black platform with a tiny red ball above it. Above the tiny red ball and to the right is a larger green ball. The entire underneath is a purple goal area."
"There is a tiny black platform on the left hand side, and the entire floor is purple. A tiny red ball is directly above the tiny platform, with a medium sized green ball above it."
"There is a black bar with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A green ball hovering at the center top right. A red ball is hovering at the center right. A black wall bar is at the center right. A purple bar is the floor."
"There is a tiny black platform suspended in the air on the left side and a red ball above it. The entire floor is purple and there is a green ball directly above the red ball, same size."
"Object properties differentiate objects from other objects. The basic properties of an object are those items identified by its four-part name"
"A large red ball hovers over a tiny grey cup and extra long green straw on the lefthand side of the space. The left wall is purple."
"There is a green bar inside a black jar.  There is a red ball suspended above the green bar."
"The purple platform is in the right, and the green ball fall from black platform to the purple platform. The red ball falls from the purple platform to the bottom. The purple platform at the right side"
"A red ball is hovering at the top left. A green bar is right under it on the ground on top of a gray stool. The purple bar is the left wall."
"There is a grey cup with green straw near the left. The left wall is purple. There's a big red ball directly above the cup and straw."
"A red ball is hovering in the top center. A purple bar is in the right side touching the ceiling. The green bar is in the center right on the ground. A gray chair is under the green bar."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A large red ball is on the right hand side above a tiny grey cup and long green straw. On the right hand side is the purple wall."
"The large red ball is hovering over the green vertical bar inside a container. The green bar is close to the vertical purple bar on the right. The red ball hovering above the green bar is positioned slightly towards the left of the bar."
"The left border is purple. There is a tiny grey cup with an obnoxiously long green straw, and directly above that, a red ball."
"The red ball fall from the top. The purple platform at the right side. The green platform in the bottom. There is only one red ball. The ball is placed in the bottom."
"The large red ball hovers over a tiny grey cup and a large green straw. The purple wall is to the right of the cup and straw."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool at the left. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A red ball hovers at the top right. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the right wall."
"There is a vertical green bar in a jar.  There is a red ball suspended above the green vertical bar."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A long dark purple vertical bar is placed at extreme right. A shorter green vertical bar is positioned close to the purple bar at the bottom inside a small grey container. The red ball is near the top and placed left above the green bar."
"There is a vertical green bar in a jar.  There is a red ball suspended above the green vertical bar."
"There is a tiny grey cup with a ridiculously long green straw towards the right edge. The right wall is purple. There's a large red ball above the cup and straw."
"A small red ball balances over a grey cup and large green straw."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A red ball hovers at the center. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool at the left. A purple bar is the left wall."
"The red ball is in the air above a grey cup and green straw."
"There is a red ball suspended above a green vertical platform that is inside a clear cup."
"The purple platform is in the corner, with a distance to the right wall slightly smaller than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the purple platform.The red ball is placed center below the green ball.The purple bar is at the right side."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A red ball is above a vertical green bar within a grey cup. A purple bar is along the left side vertically."
"There is a green bar inside a cup placed vertical.  There is a red ball suspended above the green bar that is inside a cup."
"There is a large red ball directly above a small green cup and extra long green straw."
"There is a green vertical bar between two smaller purple bars.  There is a red above the green bar suspended in the air."
"There is a large red ball above a small grey up with a long green straw. The purple wall is on the right."
"A large red ball is above a vertical green bar within a short grey cup. A purple bar makes up the right vertical side."
"There is a blue bar balanced on a black ball.  There is a red ball suspended above the blue bar and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a red ball suspended above a blue bar. there is a green ball suspended above the red ball.  There are two vertical black bars on each side of the blue bar."
"The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. There are three balls."
"There are two vertical black bars with a blue bar balanced on a black ball in between the bars.  There is a red ball suspended above the black vertical bar on the left side and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a blue bar on the ground sitting on top of a black ball.  just above the blue bar is a red ball suspended in the air.  there is a green ball just above the red ball."
"There is a blue bar balanced on a black ball in the middle.  There is a red ball suspended on the right side of the vertical bar and a green ball suspended beside it."
"There are two vertical bars and a blue bar balanced on a black ball in the middle of the black vertical bars.  There is a red ball suspended on the left vertical bar and a green ball suspended above it."
"A green ball hovers at the center. Two bars are hovering with one at the center left and the other at the center far right. A black bar is covering the whole row at the center bottom. The red ball is on this black bar. A black ball is on this black bar. A blue bar is on the black ball."
"A green ball is hovering at the center. There is a hovering black bar at the center left. A big black bar goes from both walls and is at the bottom center. A black ball is on the big black bar at the center right. A blue bar is on the black bar. A red ball is on the blue bar at the center middle."
"A green ball hovers at the top center. Two black bars are the top center. The left one is at the center left. The right one is the far right center. The big black bar attached to the walls is at the bottom center. The red ball is on the big black bar The black ball is on the big black bar. The blue bar is on the black ball."
"There are three platforms. Two black platform and one blue platform. one black wall is placed in the middle and another black one is placed perpendicular slightly near the right wall.The green ball is larger than red ball.Red ball is placed below green ball"
"There is a red ball suspended in the air with a green ball just above it.  There is a black bar on the right side of the suspended red ball. There is a blue bar on a black ball balancing."
"The black ball is underneath the blue line like a fulcrum. The red ball is above the right hand side of the fulcrum and the green ball is in the air above it."
"The medium sized red and green balls are above a grey cup. They are vertically aligned with the red ball on bottom and green ball on top."
"A green ball hovers at the center top left. A red ball hovers a the center left. A gray stool is under the red ball on top of a purple bar. The purple bar is the floor."
"The huge red ball is above an empty grey cup, and the medium sized green ball is above the cup and red ball but slightly to the left."
"A green ball hovers at the top right center. A gray stool is at the bottom center right. A red ball is under the gray stool and on the purple bar. The purple bar is the floor."
"A green ball hovers at the top right. A red ball hovers at the right center. There is a gray stool under the red ball to the left on the ground. The gray stool is on a purple bar. The purple bar is the floor."
"There is a split black line extending across with the split making a hole of sorts. There's a large red ball near the top, a smaller green ball near the opening, and a blue table-like shape in between them."
"There are two platforms with a small opening in the middle.  The green ball is on the platform on the left side with a blue jar suspended above the opening and a red ball suspended above the blue jar."
"A blue stool is hovering at the top center. There are two black bars from the wall at the center. The green ball is on top of the left wall black bar. The red ball is on top of the right black bar. A black bar is on the ground and goes up to the right."
"There is a black line with a hole in the center. On the right side is a large red ball. On the left is a small green ball. And in the middle in the air is an upside down blue cup."
"One black platform is placed in the middle of the wall with an opening in the middle.Another black platform is placed crossly at the bottom of the wall which starts from just little above the right side of the wall and end at the left bottom of the wall.There are two balls green and Red. Green ball is bigger than Red ball. There is a rectangular object with one open side which is in blue color is placed in middle of the wall over the  middle opening."
"A blue stool is hovering at the top center. There are two black bars from the wall at the center. The green ball is on top of the left wall black bar. The red ball is on top of the right black bar. A black bar is on the ground and goes up to the right."
"The blue stool is hovering at the top center. The green ball is on a black bar at the center. The red ball is on the black bar at the center. Black bars are connected to the walls at the center. There is a big black bar on the ground that is pointed upwards from the left corner."
"There are two slanted black bars.  There is a red ball suspended below them and a green ball suspended above the slanted black bars."
"There are black lines coming from the corners forming a funnel. A large  red ball is underneath the funnel and a tiny green one is above it."
"The green ball is hovering at the top center. Two bars are connected to the walls at the top and are facing downwards. The red ball is hovering at the center. There is a black bar lying on a floor black bar and purple bar at the center right. The purple bar is at the right."
"A black platform is placed from the left end and slanting downwards. Another black platform is positioned from the right and slanting downwards. The smaller green ball is hovering at the top and positioned slightly left of the opening between the two diagonal platforms. The larger red ball is hovering in the middle and below the left black platform. The short purple bar is placed closer to the right end at the bottom."
"A green ball hovers at the center top. Two black bars are connected to the walls at the top. They are pointed downwards. A red ball hovers at the bottom center. There is a black bar on the ground right to the left of a purple bar on the ground. The purple bar is in the right corner."
"A black platform is placed from the left end and slanting downwards. Another black platform is positioned from the right and slanting downwards. The smaller green ball is hovering at the top and positioned directly above the opening between the two diagonal platforms. The larger red ball is hovering in the middle and below the right black platform. The short purple bar is placed closer to the left end at the bottom."
"There are two slanted bars with an opening in the middle.  There is a red ball suspended below the slanted bars and a green ball suspended above the slanted bars."
"Two black bars are positioned diagonally in V shape with a small opening in the middle. The green and red balls are of same size and hovering above the bars in the middle. The green ball is at the top directly over the opening while the red ball is hovering below the green ball but slightly towards the right and not directly over the opening. There is a small purple bar at the bottom positioned below the right diagonal black bar."
"There is a slanted black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There are two slanted black bars with an opening.  the green ball is suspended above the black bars and the red ball is below the bars."
"The green ball is at the top to the top left of the red ball. The red ball is over a right black bar. There are two black bars. The left on is pointing downwards from left to right. The right one is pointing downwards from right to left. There is a small black bar next to a smaller purple bar on the ground in the right."
"There are two black lines forming a funnel near the top. A large red ball is underneath the funnel and to the right, and a tiny green ball is inside the funnel."
"There are two slanted black bars and a red ball suspended below the black bars. there is a green ball suspended above the black bars."
"There is a green ball suspended above two platforms with a red ball underneath the platforms suspended in the air."
"There are two black lines forming a funnel at the top, with a large red ball underneath that part of the funnel. There's a small green ball above the funnel."
"There is a green ball suspended above two platforms with a small opening.  There is a red ball suspended below the platforms on the right side of the opening."
"The black platform is in the left and right side, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. The purple bar in the left side."
"There are two slanted black bars with and opening in the middle. the green ball is suspended above the black bars and the red ball is suspended just underneath the black bars."
"The large red ball rests on the black ground while the tiny green  ball is at the top of the area above a funnel shaped set of lines."
"There are two black lines coming from either corner and a tiny green ball in between them, like a funnel. There's a large red ball underneath the funnel and a little to the right."
"There are black ramps arranged like a funnel at the top, and a purple goal area on the ground to the left. The red ball is already beneath the funnel area to the right, and the tiny green ball is above the funnel."
"A green ball hovers at the center. Two black bars are on the walls at the top pointing downwards. A red ball is hovering at the center. A black bar is right to the left of a purple bar on the ground in the right corner. The black bar is on top of a big black bar that covers the rest of the floor."
"There are two slanted black bars with an opening.  There is a red ball suspended below the black bars and a green ball suspended above the black bars."
"There are black stair platforms extending from the top left to bottom right. Underneath them is a purple cup. There is a large red ball near the last step, and a tiny green ball above the next to last step at the top of the screen."
"There are small black stairs from the top left to bottom right. Underneath the stairs is a purple cup. The red ball hovers over the last stair and purple cup, and the green ball is above it."
"The purple bar is at the bottom. A long black horizontal bar reaching both the ends is placed close to the top. A shorter black horizontal bar is placed near to the bottom. A green vertical bar is positioned on the extreme left end of the short black bar. The red ball is hovering slightly above the green bar leaning towards right but below the longer horizontal bar."
"There is a vertical green bar on a black platform with a big red ball directly above it. Beneath the platform is the purple goal floor."
"A black bar goes from wall to wall at the center top. A red ball hovers under it at the center left. The green bar is right under the red ball and on a smaller black bar. This black bar is hovering at the center bottom. A purple bar is the floor."
"There is a red ball directly above a vertical green line and a horizontal black line. Beneath those, there is a purple floor."
"There is a black platform with a green vertical bar on it.  There is a red ball suspended above the black platform."
"A black bar goes from wall to wall at the center top. A red ball hovers under it at the center left. The green bar is right under the red ball and on a smaller black bar. This black bar is hovering at the center bottom. A purple bar is the floor."
"There are two black platform is the middle of the left side with a distance of red ball. The purple platform at the bottom. The red ball on the black platform."
"A black bar is in the center across the screen. A red ball is hovering under it in the center. A green bar is on a smaller black bar in the center bottom. A purple bar is on the ground and is the floor."
"There is a slanted black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A green ball hovers a red ball. The red ball is hovering over a black bar. The black bar is connected to the left top side and is pointing downwards to the right. The purple bar is connected to the right wall and is tilted downwards to the left."
"There is a long black ramp coming from the top left corner. There's a smaller purple ramp coming from the right. A red and green ball are positioned above the black ramp, with the red ball furthest to the left."
"There are two black platforms. The long platform is almost 5-6 times longer than the smaller platform and placed diagonally from the left while slanting downwards. The small platform is placed diagonally from the right and slanting downwards. Both green and red balls are hovering above the long platform. The smaller green ball is placed towards the top while the larger red ball is directly below the green ball and positioned very close to the long platform."
"A red ball hovers at the top center. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the right top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"There is a small purple platform on the right and a larger black platform on the left. There is a large red ball above the black platform and a smaller green ball above the purple platform."
"A long black bar is placed from the left end and slanting downwards. The purple bar is positioned from the right and slanting downwards. The smaller green ball is hovering at the top and positioned slightly left of the opening between the two diagonal bars. The larger red ball is hovering below left of the green ball and above the long black bar."
"There are two platforms and two balls. Black platform is in the left side of the wall while Blue platform is in the right side of the wall which is shorter then black platform and placed below it.Red ball is placed over black platform and green ball is placed above the black platform.Red ball is bigger than green ball."
"A green ball is hovering at the top left. A red ball is hovering at the top center. A black bar is attached to the left wall at the top center. It is going downwards to the right. A purple bar is attached to the right wall. It is going downwards to the left."
"A red ball hovers at the top center. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the center top above the red ball. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"There is a small  black ramp extending from the top left corner about halfway across, and a longer purple ramp coming from the right edge to form a sort of funnel. Above the black ramp is a large red ball, and above the opening to the funnel is a medium green ball."
"There is a black ramp coming from the left and a purple one from the right. A tiny red ball is above the purple ramp and a larger green ball is above the black"
"There is a long black ramp slanting from left to right and a smaller purple ramp slanting the opposite. The red ball is in the air above the gap between them, and the green ball is further up the long black ramp near the top."
"There is a long black ramp from the top left descending down, and a smaller purple ramp from the right. Both equally sized balls are about midway up the black ramp suspended in the air."
"A red ball hovers at the top left. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the center top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"The green ball is above the right side of the larger red ball. Beneath them both is a sloped black platform leading to the right to a purple platform sloped the opposite way."
"There is a long black ramp from top left to bottom right, and a smaller purple ramp in the opposite direction. The large red ball is above the black ramp, and the green ball is centered above both ramps near the gap."
"The large red and medium green ball rest above a small black ramp and a large purple ramp, all in the top half of the screen."
"A large red ball rests against a small purple ramp on the right side. The small green ball is on the left side above a longer black ramp."
"Medium sized red and green balls are in the air slightly off center. There is a long black ramp and a small purple ramp underneath them."
"There is a slanted black bar and red ball above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended just above the red ball.  There is a slanted purple bar underneath the black bar."
"A red ball hovers at the top left. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the center top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"There is a long black ramp descending from the top left corner and a shorter purple ramp coming from the right. Above them are a large red ball and a smaller green ball. The red ball is positioned over the black ramp but the green ball is over the gap."
"A small black ramp is on the left side and a large purple ramp is on the right. The large red ball is above the small black ramp and the medium green ball is above it and slightly to the right, almost over the purple ramp."
"A large red ball and a smaller green are touching above a black angled platform attached to the left side. A purple bar is angled the other way attached to the right side"
"The black platform in the left with a distance of red ball is slightly greater than the green ball.The purple platform in the right side. The red and the green ball are placed in the purple platform."
"A long black platform is placed from the left end and slanting downwards. A smaller dark purple platform is positioned from the right and slanting downwards. The smaller green ball is hovering at the top over the longer platform. The larger red ball is placed left below the green ball but above the longer platform."
"A red ball hovers at the top center. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the right top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"There is a slanted black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a long black ramp and a shorter purple one. Both balls are above the ramps, nearly in the middle, although the red ball is more above the black ramp and the green ball is more above the purple one. The balls are the same size."
"Medium sized red and green balls hover at the top of the area. The red ball hovers over a long black ramp on the left, and the green ball hovers over the same but slightly to the right. There is a small purple ramp on the far right."
"A green ball hovers in the top middle. A red ball hovers below it in the middle. A black bar is on the left pointing downwards to the right. A long purple bar is on the right pointing downwards to the left."
"There is a black slanted bar and a red ball suspended just above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A green ball hovers at the top left. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A red ball is hovering at the center top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball and green ball on the purple platform. The purple platform at the right side."
"There is a long black ramp to the left and a smaller purple one to the right. There is a large red ball above the black ramp and a smaller green ball next to it, closer to the purple ramp."
"The black platform is in the left, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball.The red ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball and green ball on the purple platform. The purple platform at the right side."
"A red ball hovers at the top right. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the center top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball.The red ball fall from black platform to the purple platform. The purple platform in the right side."
"A green ball is hovering at the top center. A red ball is hovering right under the green ball. A black bar is attached to the top left center and is pointing downwards to the right. A purple bar is attached to the wall in the right center and is pointing downwards to the left."
"There is a red ball suspended above the black bar and a green ball above the red ball suspended in the air."
"A red ball hovers at the top left. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the center top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"There is a slanted black bar with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a long black ramp slanting down from the top left corner, and smaller purple ramp slanting down from the right. Two equally sized red and green balls are above the long black ramp, with the red ball furthest to the left."
"There is a long black ramp from the top left downward, and a smaller purple ramp from the right downward. The large red ball and medium green ball are near the top left of the area. The red ball is furthest to the left."
"A green ball hovers at the top center. A red ball hovers at the center right. There are rows of black balls from the left at the center top and center bottom. There are rows of black balls from the right at the center and bottom. The purple bar is the floor."
"There are scattered black dots throughout the area with a large red ball semi close to center. A smaller green  ball is above it near the top."
"There is a green ball suspended above the black rocks and red ball suspended in between the black rocks."
"There is a red ball suspended above the black rocks and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There are scattered black dots throughout the area. A red ball is in the upper left and an equally sized green ball is directly above it."
"There are black dots throughout the area, a small red ball, and a green ball near the top left."
"The purple bar is at the bottom. The green ball is hovering in the middle near the top. The red ball is positioned below the green ball and slightly towards the right. The area between the two balls and the purple bar is filled with about 40 black colored spots."
"There is a red ball suspended above some black rocks and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There are lot of black spots and the purple platform in the bottom. There are two balls. The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the bottom."
"There is a cluster of black dots and a large red ball stuck on top of them. Slightly above the red ball is a medium sized green one. The entire ground is purple."
"A red ball hovers at the bottom right. A green ball hovers over it to the right. A black bar is at the center ceiling going down to the bottom center. A black bar is on a floor black bar at center left. A purple bar is the right side of the floor."
"There is a large red ball to the right of the area that is stuck inside of a black wall. There is a tiny green ball above it and off centered a little towards the right."
"The black platform at the center and the bottom. The purple platform at the right side. The red ball is slightly greater than the green ball. Both the balls are placed at the ground."
"The two black platforms are vertical one is in the middle suspended from the top and one is suspended on the left side lower.  The red ball is suspended horizontally in the air.  The green ball is above the red ball."
"The large red ball is on the left side in the air above a small black cubby. The tiny green ball is above the red ball, slightly to the left of center. The purple floor is on the right hand side of the area on the other side of a split black wall."
"The large red ball is on the left hand side of the screen above a black cubby. The smaller green ball is in the center of the space, at the top, next to a split black wall. The purple floor is on the right hand side of the split wall, opposite the green ball."
"A black bar is at the center ceiling dropping down towards the center. A purple bar on the left and black floor bar on the right makes the floor. A black bar on the floor black bar is at the center right. A green ball hovers over a red ball at the center left. A red ball in on the round on the floor black bar."
"There is a small black cubby area on the bottom right, and a small red ball inside of it. An even smaller green ball is a little bit above the red ball."
"There is a black cubby area to the right with a medium sized red ball above it. A little higher is a tiny green ball."
"A ceiling black bar at the center and going down towards the middle bottom. A green ball hovering at the center left. A red ball hovering at the bottom left corner. A black standing bar at the center left. A floor black bar at the left and a floor purple bar at the right."
"The large red ball is on the left hand side of the screen near a black cubby. The tiny green ball is above it and slightly to the left. The purple floor is on the other side of a black split wall, on the right."
"The large red ball rests on the right side of the screen in a small black cubby. A tiny green ball is above it and slightly to the left."
"The purple bar is at the bottom. A long vertical black bar is positioned in the middle hanging from top. A very short vertical black bar is positioned close to the left end and on top of the purple bar. The small green bar is hovering above slightly left of the short bar. The red ball is placed directly below the green ball leaning left of the short bar."
"The large red ball is in the air on the left side above a small black cubby. The tiny green  ball is slightly above the red ball and a little to the left. The purple floor is on the right side of the room on the other side of a split wall."
"A ceiling black bar at the center and going down towards the middle bottom. A green ball hovering at the center left. A red ball hovering at the bottom right corner. A black standing bar at the center left. A floor black bar at the left and a floor purple bar at the right."
"A long black vertical bar hanging from the top is positioned in the middle. A smaller black vertical bar is positioned at the bottom towards the left of the black bar. The larger red ball is hovering in the middle towards the left end and above the shorter bar. The smaller green ball is hovering directly above the red ball. The dark purple bar is at the bottom."
"The large red ball is on the right hand side over a lack cubby, and the tiny green ball is slightly above it and to the left. In the middle there is a split black wall and the purple floor is to the left of the split."
"There is a red ball suspended above a black vertical bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a vertical bar and a red ball suspended on the right side of the vertical black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"The large red ball hovers in the air to the right of the frame above a small b lack cubby. The green ball is slightly above the red ball and to the left."
"The green ball is in the air above a black line and the red ball. The red ball is on the right side of the line."
"There are two platforms vertically with an opening.  The red ball is suspended on the right side of the vertical platform and a green ball suspended above the red ball slightly to the left."
"The large red ball hovers in the air over a black split wall, and the small green ball hovers above it slightly to the right."
"The large red ball is hovering above a small cubby on the left hand side. The tiny green ball is slightly above the red ball and to the left, also in the air. The purple floor is to the bottom right."
"There is a red ball suspended in the air with a green ball above it.  On the right side is a black platform vertical with an opening."
"The large red ball hovers on the left hand side of the area above a small black cubby. The tiny green ball is in the air slightly above the red ball and to its left."
"There is a large red ball to the right of the area inside a black cubby. There is a small green ball slightly above the red ball, next to a split black wall. The purple goal area is on the ground to the left."
"The large red ball is on the left hand side hovering above a black cubby. The small green ball is in the air above it and just slightly to the left. There is a split wall and the purple floor is on the right side of the split."
"There is a red ball suspended just above on the left side of a black vertical bar.  there is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a large red ball on the left side of the screen in a black cage. There's a smaller green ball a little above it, and a purple goal area to the right beyond a split black wall."
"There is a small black cubby area to the right of the space and the purple goal area to the left. There's a large red ball directly above the cubby area and a tiny green ball above it."
"There is a black bar coming from the bottom and another longer one from the top. The large red ball is just off center to the left of the smaller black bar, and the tiny green ball is directly above."
"A ceiling black bar at the center goes down towards the bottom center. A standing floor black bar is at the center right. A floor purple bar is at the left and a floor black bar is at the right. A green bar is hovering at the center right. A red ball is hovering right below it."
"The black platform is in the center, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. The purple bar in the bottom."
"There is a large red ball on the right side in a black cubby, and a smaller green ball slightly above it. The purple floor is to the left of the cubby underneath a split black wall."
"There is a black caged area to the bottom right, just large enough for the red ball to fit in. The red ball is directly above it and a tiny green ball is above that. The purple area is to the left on the ground."
"There is a red ball suspended above a vertical black bar.  there is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a vertical black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a large red ball hovering directly over a black cubby area on the right edge of the screen. Above the red ball is a tiny green ball. The purple goal area is to the left of the cubby."
"There is a vertical black bar and a red ball suspended just above it on the left side.  above the red ball is a green ball suspended in the air."
"A medium sized red ball and tiny green ball are stacked on top of each other in the air. On the ground to the left is a black cubby area, and to the right is the purple floor on the other side of a split black wall."
"The purple bar is at the bottom. A long vertical black bar is positioned in the middle hanging from top. A very short vertical black bar is positioned close to the right end and on top of the purple bar. The green ball is hovering above and close towards the right end. The red ball is placed below left the green ball and close to the purple bar."
"There is a black cubby area on the left just big enough for the red ball to fit in. The large red ball is directly above it and a tiny green ball is slightly higher and a little off centered favoring the right."
"There is a wall coming up from the floor to make a little cubby area on the right, just large enough for the red ball. There's a tiny green ball above it."
"There is a vertical black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A red ball is hovering in the left corner. A green ball is hovering over the red ball. A black bar is to the right of the red ball on the ground. A big black bar is hanging from the center ceiling. There is a black bar and purple bar on the ground. The black bar is on the left and the purple bar is on the right."
"There is a large red ball on the right hand side in a black cubby area. A smaller green ball is above the red ball and a little to the left."
"The green ball rests on a small black platform while the large red ball hovers above in the air."
"There is a small black platform suspended in the air with a green ball on top of it.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"A red ball is hovering at the top right. A green ball is under it to the left. The green ball is on a black bar at the center right. A purple bar is the floor."
"The purple bar is at the bottom. The green ball is placed on top of a small, black platform in the middle. The large red pall is hovering near the top, placed above the green ball and leaning right."
"a large red ball is above a smaller green balls right side. The green ball rests on a black platform. A purple horizontal bar makes up the floor."
"The green  ball rests on a small black line and the red ball hovers above it."
"A red ball hovers at the top center. A green ball is hovering below the red ball at the center. The green ball is on top of a black bar. The purple bar is the floor."
"The medium sized green  ball rests on a slightly curved black platform in the air. The huge red ball is above it and slightly to the left, and the floor is filled with purple."
"The medium sized green ball rests on a slightly curved small black line. The large red ball hovers above it and slightly to the left. The purple line is the entire floor."
"The medium green ball rests inside of a slightly curved grey line. The huge red ball is above it and slightly to the left. The balls and platform hover over the large purple floor."
"A green ball is resting on a black angled platform. Above it and to the right is a very large red ball."
"The green ball is cradled in a slightly curved and small black platform. The large red ball is above it and a little to the left."
"There is a vertical grey bar with a green ball placed on top of it.  There is a red ball suspended just above a slanted black bar."
"There is a grey ball suspended in the air with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a tiny purple platform towards the left hand side of the screen, and three medium balls: red, grey, and green in a straight line."
"All of the balls are medium sized. The red ball is on the left in a series of diagonal black lines. The Green ball is in the top center, and the grey ball is on the right hand side of a split wall along with the purple floor."
"A row of black bars are hovering at the center left and pointing downwards to the right. Two black bars from the ground and ceiling are at the center. A purple bar covers the right half of the floor. A green ball hovers at the center top to the left. A gray ball hovers at the center top to the right. A red ball is hovering at the center left between black bars."
"A row of black bars are hovering at the center left. Two black bars from the ground and ceiling are at the center. A purple bar covers the right half of the floor. A green ball hovers at the center top to the left. A gray ball hovers at the center top to the right. A red ball is hovering at the center left between black bars."
"A row of black bars are hovering at the center left. Two black bars from the ground and ceiling are at the center. A purple bar covers the right half of the floor. A green ball hovers at the center top to the left. A gray ball hovers at the center top to the right. A red ball is hovering at the center left between black bars."
"There is a red ball on the slanted black bars in the third position.  There is a green ball suspended in the air between the black slanted bars and the vertical bars with an opening.  on the other side of the vertical bars on the right is a grey ball suspended in the air at the same height as the green ball."
"The red ball is on the left in a series of diagonal lines. The green ball is in the center, and the grey ball is on the other side of a split wall. The purple floor is on the right side with the grey ball."
"There's a small red ball on the diagonal lines near the center. The green ball is in the top middle with a clear path straight down, and the grey ball is on the other end of a split wall by the purple goal."
"A row of black bars are hovering at the center left. Two black bars from the ground and ceiling are at the center. A purple bar covers the right half of the floor. A green ball hovers at the center top to the left. A gray ball hovers at the center top to the right. A red ball is hovering at the center left between black bars."
"The black platform are many, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the grey ball. The green ball was placed in the purple platform. The purple bar in the right side."
"There are slanted black bars with red ball on the third black bar.  The green ball is suspended in the air between the black slanted bars and the vertical bars that have an opening where the grey ball is on the floor."
"The grey and green  balls are at the top of the area, but on opposite sides of a wall. The grey ball is directly above the purple line. The red ball is in a series of diagonal lines."
"The small red ball is on the left in between slanted lines. The green ball hovers at the top center, while the grey ball is on the other side of a split black wall. The purple floor is also on the right side of the split black wall with the grey ball."
"The tiny red ball is in the air to the left hand side, in a series of black diagonal lines. The green ball is in the top center, and the grey ball is on the other side of a split black wall. The purple floor is on that same side as the grey ball."
"There are slanted black bars on the left with a red ball on the fourth slanted black bar.  There is a green ball suspended in between the slanted black bars and a vertical black bar with an opening.  on the right side of the black bar is a grey ball suspended at the same height as the green ball."
"A row of black bars are hovering at the center left. Two black bars from the ground and ceiling are at the center. A purple bar covers the right half of the floor. A green ball hovers at the center top to the left. A gray ball hovers at the center top to the right. A red ball is hovering at the center left between black bars."
"There are slanted black bars and a red ball on the 2nd slanted black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the 1st slanted black bar.  There is a vertical black bar to the right and a grey ball suspended midway on the right side of the vertical bar."
"A green ball is hovering at the top center. A gray bar is hovering at the bottom center. The red ball is under the gray ball to the right. Two black bars are attached to the left and right walls. They are at the bottom center below the balls. A purple bar is the floor."
"There is a horizontal black bar with an opening.  there is a red ball on the right side of the opening suspended and a grey ball suspended in the air in the opening.  There is a green ball suspended above the red and grey balls."
"There are two black bars with a small opening in the middle.  The red ball is suspended above the black bars.  the grey ball is suspended above the red ball and the green ball is suspended above the grey ball."
"A green ball hovers at the top center. A gray ball hovers at the center. A red ball is under it to the left. Two black bars are on the left and right walls in the bottom center. A purple bar is the floor."
"There is a very small opening in a black bar, just big enough for the green ball to fit through. The red tiny ball is closest right above it, followed by a larger grey, and up above them all is the green ball. The entire floor is purple."
"A green ball hovers at the center top. A gray ball hovers at the bottom center. A red ball is right under it and it's hovering. There are two wall black bars at the bottom center. A purple bar is the floor."
"The purple bar is all the way across the bottom. A black bar is above the purple bar with a gap in the middle that is barely bigger than the green ball. The gray ball is suspended above the black bar, to the left, with its right side hanging over the gap. The red ball is suspended a little lower than the gray ball, to the right, with its left side hanging over the gap. The green ball is suspended at the top above the gap and the other two balls."
"A green ball hovers at the center top. A gray ball hovers at the center center. A red ball is right under it and it's hovering. There are two wall black bars at the bottom center. A purple bar is the floor."
