"the green and blue are the same distance above the ground, with the green to the left and blue to the right. Directly below and to the right side of the blue is a small red ball."
"The red ball is in the bottom left corner, and the green and blue balls are suspended in the air. The green ball is nearly above the red ball."
"The green and blue balls are small and start about a fourth the way up in elevation. Above the blue ball is a much larger red ball that is slightly to the right of center of the blue ball."
"The blue and green ball are a fourth the way up which the green on the left side having a small red ball underneath it on the left side."
"A larger green ball and smaller blue ball are the same distance above the ground near the middle. Above the green to its left side is a medium sized red ball."
"Blue ball is on top of red ball and green ball is next to it.  All three balls are suspended in the air at the mid way point."
"The larger green ball and blue ball are about halfway up in elevation. A small red ball is below the blue ball, right of center."
"The green and blue ball are in the middle vertically with the green on the left. Below the green is a larger red, slight to the left of center of the green."
"The blue and green balls are the same size and the same distance above the ground, with four balls width between them. The green on the right has a small red ball beneath it to the left side."
"The green ball and blue ball are horizontally even.  The red ball is directly under the blue ball."
"The green and blue balls are 40% up in elevation of the total height, with the smaller green just to the left of center and the blue about a widths distance from the right side. A larger red is above the green and to the left slightly."
"The green and blue balls are a fourth of the way up in elevation, with the blue ball around 2 widths distance from the right side and larger then the green on the left which is directly touching the left side. A small red ball is below the green the the left of center of the green."
"The green ball and blue ball are suspended in the air at the top of the graph.  The red ball is directly underneath the green ball."
"The blue and green ball are the same distance from the ground near the upper middle, with the red slightly above the green ball and to the left."
"The blue and green balls are the same distance up near the top, with the green ball on the left having a larger red ball above it directly above its left side."
"A small green ball and a slightly larger blue ball are a fourth the height up from the bottom. The green is near the middle and the blue on the right side edge."
"A red ball hovers at the center top. A green ball hovers at the center left. The blue ball hovers at the center center."
"A tiny red ball is near the bottom, with a larger green ball above it and another larger blue ball next to the green ball."
"There is a green ball hovering in the top left. There is a blue ball hovering in the top right. There is a red ball hovering in the bottom left."
"From left to right, the medium green ball and medium blue ball are at the top, with a large red ball underneath the blue ball about halfway down."
"A green ball hovers at the top right. A red ball is right below it hovering. A black bar is right below it hovering. A purple bar is the floor."
"A green and slightly large blue ball are two thirds the way up in elevation. A small red ball rests on the ground below the green ball and to its left."
"From left to right the green, blue, and red balls are all suspended in the air."
"A green ball hovers at the top middle. A blue ball hovers in the top right. A red ball hovers in the middle right."
"There is a green ball and blue ball suspended in the air at mid height next to each other.  The red ball is just above the green ball suspended."
"A red ball hovers at the center right. A green ball hovers at the center top. The blue ball hovers at the center top right."
"There is a red ball suspended and the green ball just above it suspended in the air.  There is a blue ball suspended at the same height on the right side of the green ball."
"There is a red ball suspended in the air.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball and a blue ball suspended at the same height of the green ball on the right side of it."
"There's a large red ball near the bottom right, a medium green ball on the  top left, and a small blue ball on the top right."
"A green ball hovers at the top right corner. A blue ball hovers at the top center. A red ball hovers at the bottom center."
"The green and blue balls are halfway up vertically. The smaller green ball on the left has a larger red ball below it, slightly to the left of center."
"The green and slightly smaller blue are at the same height about a third the way up. Above the green and slightly to the left is a large red ball."
"Three medium sized balls are placed equal distance apart. From left to right they are green, blue, and red."
"The large green ball is hovering in the middle. The smallest of the three balls, the red ball is hovering near the top and closer towards the right end. The medium-sized blue ball is positioned directly below the red ball. Both the green and blue balls are positioned at the same height."
"There is no platform in the bar chart. There are there balls like red ball, green ball and blue ball. The red ball is greater than the other two balls."
"A large red ball is in the center of the screen, with a green and blue ball slightly higher and to the left."
"There are, from left to right, a large red ball, medium green ball, and small blue ball in the air near the top. The red and green are closer together than the blue."
"The green and blue ball are the same size and at the halfway point in elevation. A large red ball is below the green and to the left."
"All three balls: green, blue, and red, hover in the center height of the area. The green ball is to the left, and the blue red balls are more to the right of center and touching each other."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green ball hovers at the center top left. The blue ball hovers at the center top."
"A blue and green ball of the same size are a third the way up from the bottom. A red ball is below the green ball slightly to its right on the ground."
"There is a red ball on the ground on the left side and a green ball suspended above it with a blue ball suspended beside the green ball."
"From left to right, the small green, large blue, and large red ball are all in t he air."
"The green and blue balls are near the top. Below the green on the left is a red ball above halfway down."
"The green and blue balls are equally sized and placed a short distance apart from each other in the near middle. A tiny red dot is positioned a little above them."
"A green ball hovers at the top left. A blue ball hovers at the top center right. A red ball hovers at the left center."
"From left to right, the green, blue, and red balls are all the same size and floating in the air. The green ball is further to the left, and the blue and red balls are above one another on the right side."
"All three balls are suspended in the air. the green ball and the blue ball are at the same level with the blue ball farthest to the right and the green ball to it's left. The red ball is suspended above and slightly to the left of the green ball."
"A green and blue ball about a third the way up in elevation are the same size. A larger red ball is to the left of center of the green ball."
"A red ball is hovering at the top center. A green ball is hovering at the center center. A blue ball is hovering at the right center."
"Three small balls are in the bottom left hand corner of the area. The green and blue are the same size and directly across from each other, and underneath the blue is tiny red."
"A red ball hovers at the center center. A green ball hovers over the red ball at the center top. The blue ball hovers at the center far right."
"The large red ball is hovering in the middle towards the left end. The smallest of the three balls, the green ball is hovering slightly right above the red ball. The medium-sized blue ball is positioned near the top and closer to the right end. Both the green and blue balls are positioned at the same height."
"A green ball is in the left center of the frame and a red one is in the right center. Beneath the green ball is a red ball. They are all about the same size."
"There are three balls like red, blue and green ball. The green ball is slightly greater than than other two ball. The balls are fall to the bottom"
"A red ball hovers at the center top. A green ball hovers at the center bottom. The blue ball hovers at the bottom right."
"A red ball is in the top middle hovering. The blue ball is hovering in the center center. The green ball is hovering in the center left."
"There is a medium red sized ball about halfway down the area on the left side, and two smaller green and blue balls above it. The small green ball is almost directly above the red ball, and the blue ball is to the right."
"There is a green ball suspended just above the black platform and a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"There is a black bar and a green ball suspended above it.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball slightly to the right."
"There is a black platform with a green ball suspended above the platform and the red ball suspended above the green ball."
"There is a black platform, and the right wall is purple. A small green ball is to the right near the black platform and a larger red ball is further up near the top."
"The red ball is in the air, while the green ball is in the center of black line."
"A red large ball is above a small green ball on the left side. The green ball is on a black platform and a purple vertical bar is on the left side."
"The red ball is in the air above the green ball and black line."
"There is a green ball suspended in the air and a red ball above the green ball.  There is a black platform below the balls."
"The red ball is in the top right. It is hovering over the green ball. The green ball is hovering over the black bench. The purple bar is on the far right."
"There is a black bar running along the bottom with a small gap at each end. Th purple bar is vertical along the right side. The green ball is suspended  over the black bar slightly to the right of center. The larger red ball is placed above and slightly to the left of the green ball."
"The large red ball is in the middle of the screen, with a tiny green ball underneath it. Both balls hover over a black platform with a purple line on the right."
"There is a black platform floor and a purple wall on the left. A tiny green ball is barely above the floor on the left side and a larger red ball is towards top, but almost directly above the green ball."
"The large red ball and green ball are in the air above a flat black platform. The purple line is on the right. Both balls are on the right hand side, but the green ball is closer to the floor and the red ball is in the air."
"The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. The purple bar in the left side. The purple bar at the left side."
"There is a green bar on the black platform with a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"A green ball in the middle horizontally is above a black platform about a ball width. Above the green ball is a very large red ball. A vertical purple bar is on the right side."
"The small red ball and larger green ball hover directly above the black platform. The purple line is vertical on the right."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball and green ball on the purple platform. The purple platform at the right side."
"There is a green ball suspended above a black platform.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"The green and red balls are in the center of the area. The green ball is near the floor and the red ball is at the top. The purple line is on the left wall."
"There is a black platform with a green ball suspended above it and a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"The green  ball rests on the black platform and the red ball is in the air directly above it. The purple line is vertical on the left."
"There is a black horizontal platform and a purple wall on the left. A small green ball and large red ball are placed in the air, almost on top of each other with the green ball closest to the platform."
"There is a green ball suspended above a black platform.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"There is a black bar along the bottom and a purple one on the right side. There's a minuscule red ball near the center and a small green one above it."
"There is a black bar and a green ball suspended just above the black bar that is horizontal.  there is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball is placed in the black platform at the right side.The purple platform in the right side.The red ball is slightly greater than the green ball"
"There are two walls. black wall is placed slightly above the bottom wall and blue wall is placed at the right side of the wall .There are two balls red and green where red ball is bigger than green ball.Red ball is placed above right side of the wall and green ball is placed little left of the red ball"
"There is a black platform extending from the right wall and above it there's a large red ball. Above the large red ball and a little to the left is a medium green ball, and the entire floor is purple."
"A small red ball rests on a black platform attached to the right side. Above the red ball is a green slightly larger ball."
"A green ball hovering at the center top right. A red ball is hovering at the center right. A black wall bar is at the center right. A purple bar is the floor."
"The black platform is in the middle towards extreme right. The small green ball is hovering above the black platform. The larger red ball is placed slightly towards the left and below the green ball but above the black platform. The purple bar is at the bottom."
"The large red ball and medium green ball are in the air above a small black platform, on the right hand side of the screen. The entire floor is purple. The green  ball is slightly above the red ball."
"There is a small green ball suspended over a larger red ball. Both balls are above a black platform, and the entire floor area is purple."
"There is a black bar and a red ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a black bar and red ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a small black platform on the right with a tiny red ball directly above it. There is a larger green ball above the red ball, and the entire floor is a purple goal area."
"There is a horizontal purple bar with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball right above the red ball."
"The green ball is suspended at the top of the graph and the red ball is slightly below the green ball slightly on the side.  They are both underneath the black platform."
"There is a black platform with the red ball suspended above the platform and the green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a black platform and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a black bar with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball suspended just above the red ball."
"There is a black bar on the right side with a red ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a black platform extending from the right wall. Above it is a large red ball and above the large red ball is a medium green ball."
"The black platform is the middle of the left side with a distance of green ball is slightly greater than the red ball. The purple platform at the bottom. The green ball fall to the purple bar."
"There is a long black platform with the purple goal floor underneath it. The big red ball is directly above the platform, and so is the green medium sized ball, just a little further to the left."
"There is a black bar suspended in the air with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A green ball is above a small red ball. A third the way up below both balls is a black platform horizontal at about 60% the available width. On the ground is a purple platform."
"There is a red ball suspended above a black platform.  Above the red ball is a green ball suspended just above it."
"Medium sized red and green balls hover near the top of the screen above a black line. The black line has a small opening on the right hand side, revealing a purple floor."
"The large red ball and medium green ball are in the air above a small black platform. The red ball is underneath and the green ball is on top. The black platform is above a purple floor."
"The green and red ball are in the air above a small black line."
"There is a black platform and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a black platform with a tiny red ball above it. Above the tiny red ball and to the right is a larger green ball. The entire underneath is a purple goal area."
"There is a tiny black platform on the left hand side, and the entire floor is purple. A tiny red ball is directly above the tiny platform, with a medium sized green ball above it."
"There is a black bar with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A green ball hovering at the center top right. A red ball is hovering at the center right. A black wall bar is at the center right. A purple bar is the floor."
"There is a tiny black platform suspended in the air on the left side and a red ball above it. The entire floor is purple and there is a green ball directly above the red ball, same size."
"Object properties differentiate objects from other objects. The basic properties of an object are those items identified by its four-part name"
"A large red ball hovers over a tiny grey cup and extra long green straw on the lefthand side of the space. The left wall is purple."
"There is a green bar inside a black jar.  There is a red ball suspended above the green bar."
"The purple platform is in the right, and the green ball fall from black platform to the purple platform. The red ball falls from the purple platform to the bottom. The purple platform at the right side"
"A red ball is hovering at the top left. A green bar is right under it on the ground on top of a gray stool. The purple bar is the left wall."
"There is a grey cup with green straw near the left. The left wall is purple. There's a big red ball directly above the cup and straw."
"A red ball is hovering in the top center. A purple bar is in the right side touching the ceiling. The green bar is in the center right on the ground. A gray chair is under the green bar."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A large red ball is on the right hand side above a tiny grey cup and long green straw. On the right hand side is the purple wall."
"The large red ball is hovering over the green vertical bar inside a container. The green bar is close to the vertical purple bar on the right. The red ball hovering above the green bar is positioned slightly towards the left of the bar."
"The left border is purple. There is a tiny grey cup with an obnoxiously long green straw, and directly above that, a red ball."
"The red ball fall from the top. The purple platform at the right side. The green platform in the bottom. There is only one red ball. The ball is placed in the bottom."
"The large red ball hovers over a tiny grey cup and a large green straw. The purple wall is to the right of the cup and straw."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool at the left. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A red ball hovers at the top right. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the right wall."
"There is a vertical green bar in a jar.  There is a red ball suspended above the green vertical bar."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A long dark purple vertical bar is placed at extreme right. A shorter green vertical bar is positioned close to the purple bar at the bottom inside a small grey container. The red ball is near the top and placed left above the green bar."
"There is a vertical green bar in a jar.  There is a red ball suspended above the green vertical bar."
"There is a tiny grey cup with a ridiculously long green straw towards the right edge. The right wall is purple. There's a large red ball above the cup and straw."
"A small red ball balances over a grey cup and large green straw."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A red ball hovers at the center. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool at the left. A purple bar is the left wall."
"The red ball is in the air above a grey cup and green straw."
"There is a red ball suspended above a green vertical platform that is inside a clear cup."
"The purple platform is in the corner, with a distance to the right wall slightly smaller than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the purple platform.The red ball is placed center below the green ball.The purple bar is at the right side."
"A red ball hovers at the center left. A green bar is on the ground right below on top of a gray stool. A purple bar is the left wall."
"A red ball is above a vertical green bar within a grey cup. A purple bar is along the left side vertically."
"There is a green bar inside a cup placed vertical.  There is a red ball suspended above the green bar that is inside a cup."
"There is a large red ball directly above a small green cup and extra long green straw."
"There is a green vertical bar between two smaller purple bars.  There is a red above the green bar suspended in the air."
"There is a large red ball above a small grey up with a long green straw. The purple wall is on the right."
"A large red ball is above a vertical green bar within a short grey cup. A purple bar makes up the right vertical side."
"There is a blue bar balanced on a black ball.  There is a red ball suspended above the blue bar and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a red ball suspended above a blue bar. there is a green ball suspended above the red ball.  There are two vertical black bars on each side of the blue bar."
"The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. There are three balls."
"There are two vertical black bars with a blue bar balanced on a black ball in between the bars.  There is a red ball suspended above the black vertical bar on the left side and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a blue bar on the ground sitting on top of a black ball.  just above the blue bar is a red ball suspended in the air.  there is a green ball just above the red ball."
"There is a blue bar balanced on a black ball in the middle.  There is a red ball suspended on the right side of the vertical bar and a green ball suspended beside it."
"There are two vertical bars and a blue bar balanced on a black ball in the middle of the black vertical bars.  There is a red ball suspended on the left vertical bar and a green ball suspended above it."
"A green ball hovers at the center. Two bars are hovering with one at the center left and the other at the center far right. A black bar is covering the whole row at the center bottom. The red ball is on this black bar. A black ball is on this black bar. A blue bar is on the black ball."
"A green ball is hovering at the center. There is a hovering black bar at the center left. A big black bar goes from both walls and is at the bottom center. A black ball is on the big black bar at the center right. A blue bar is on the black bar. A red ball is on the blue bar at the center middle."
"A green ball hovers at the top center. Two black bars are the top center. The left one is at the center left. The right one is the far right center. The big black bar attached to the walls is at the bottom center. The red ball is on the big black bar The black ball is on the big black bar. The blue bar is on the black ball."
"There are three platforms. Two black platform and one blue platform. one black wall is placed in the middle and another black one is placed perpendicular slightly near the right wall.The green ball is larger than red ball.Red ball is placed below green ball"
"There is a red ball suspended in the air with a green ball just above it.  There is a black bar on the right side of the suspended red ball. There is a blue bar on a black ball balancing."
"The black ball is underneath the blue line like a fulcrum. The red ball is above the right hand side of the fulcrum and the green ball is in the air above it."
"The medium sized red and green balls are above a grey cup. They are vertically aligned with the red ball on bottom and green ball on top."
"A green ball hovers at the center top left. A red ball hovers a the center left. A gray stool is under the red ball on top of a purple bar. The purple bar is the floor."
"The huge red ball is above an empty grey cup, and the medium sized green ball is above the cup and red ball but slightly to the left."
"A green ball hovers at the top right center. A gray stool is at the bottom center right. A red ball is under the gray stool and on the purple bar. The purple bar is the floor."
"A green ball hovers at the top right. A red ball hovers at the right center. There is a gray stool under the red ball to the left on the ground. The gray stool is on a purple bar. The purple bar is the floor."
"There is a split black line extending across with the split making a hole of sorts. There's a large red ball near the top, a smaller green ball near the opening, and a blue table-like shape in between them."
"There are two platforms with a small opening in the middle.  The green ball is on the platform on the left side with a blue jar suspended above the opening and a red ball suspended above the blue jar."
"A blue stool is hovering at the top center. There are two black bars from the wall at the center. The green ball is on top of the left wall black bar. The red ball is on top of the right black bar. A black bar is on the ground and goes up to the right."
"There is a black line with a hole in the center. On the right side is a large red ball. On the left is a small green ball. And in the middle in the air is an upside down blue cup."
"One black platform is placed in the middle of the wall with an opening in the middle.Another black platform is placed crossly at the bottom of the wall which starts from just little above the right side of the wall and end at the left bottom of the wall.There are two balls green and Red. Green ball is bigger than Red ball. There is a rectangular object with one open side which is in blue color is placed in middle of the wall over the  middle opening."
"A blue stool is hovering at the top center. There are two black bars from the wall at the center. The green ball is on top of the left wall black bar. The red ball is on top of the right black bar. A black bar is on the ground and goes up to the right."
"The blue stool is hovering at the top center. The green ball is on a black bar at the center. The red ball is on the black bar at the center. Black bars are connected to the walls at the center. There is a big black bar on the ground that is pointed upwards from the left corner."
"There are two slanted black bars.  There is a red ball suspended below them and a green ball suspended above the slanted black bars."
"There are black lines coming from the corners forming a funnel. A large  red ball is underneath the funnel and a tiny green one is above it."
"The green ball is hovering at the top center. Two bars are connected to the walls at the top and are facing downwards. The red ball is hovering at the center. There is a black bar lying on a floor black bar and purple bar at the center right. The purple bar is at the right."
"A black platform is placed from the left end and slanting downwards. Another black platform is positioned from the right and slanting downwards. The smaller green ball is hovering at the top and positioned slightly left of the opening between the two diagonal platforms. The larger red ball is hovering in the middle and below the left black platform. The short purple bar is placed closer to the right end at the bottom."
"A green ball hovers at the center top. Two black bars are connected to the walls at the top. They are pointed downwards. A red ball hovers at the bottom center. There is a black bar on the ground right to the left of a purple bar on the ground. The purple bar is in the right corner."
"A black platform is placed from the left end and slanting downwards. Another black platform is positioned from the right and slanting downwards. The smaller green ball is hovering at the top and positioned directly above the opening between the two diagonal platforms. The larger red ball is hovering in the middle and below the right black platform. The short purple bar is placed closer to the left end at the bottom."
"There are two slanted bars with an opening in the middle.  There is a red ball suspended below the slanted bars and a green ball suspended above the slanted bars."
"Two black bars are positioned diagonally in V shape with a small opening in the middle. The green and red balls are of same size and hovering above the bars in the middle. The green ball is at the top directly over the opening while the red ball is hovering below the green ball but slightly towards the right and not directly over the opening. There is a small purple bar at the bottom positioned below the right diagonal black bar."
"There is a slanted black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There are two slanted black bars with an opening.  the green ball is suspended above the black bars and the red ball is below the bars."
"The green ball is at the top to the top left of the red ball. The red ball is over a right black bar. There are two black bars. The left on is pointing downwards from left to right. The right one is pointing downwards from right to left. There is a small black bar next to a smaller purple bar on the ground in the right."
"There are two black lines forming a funnel near the top. A large red ball is underneath the funnel and to the right, and a tiny green ball is inside the funnel."
"There are two slanted black bars and a red ball suspended below the black bars. there is a green ball suspended above the black bars."
"There is a green ball suspended above two platforms with a red ball underneath the platforms suspended in the air."
"There are two black lines forming a funnel at the top, with a large red ball underneath that part of the funnel. There's a small green ball above the funnel."
"There is a green ball suspended above two platforms with a small opening.  There is a red ball suspended below the platforms on the right side of the opening."
"The black platform is in the left and right side, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. The purple bar in the left side."
"There are two slanted black bars with and opening in the middle. the green ball is suspended above the black bars and the red ball is suspended just underneath the black bars."
"The large red ball rests on the black ground while the tiny green  ball is at the top of the area above a funnel shaped set of lines."
"There are two black lines coming from either corner and a tiny green ball in between them, like a funnel. There's a large red ball underneath the funnel and a little to the right."
"There are black ramps arranged like a funnel at the top, and a purple goal area on the ground to the left. The red ball is already beneath the funnel area to the right, and the tiny green ball is above the funnel."
"A green ball hovers at the center. Two black bars are on the walls at the top pointing downwards. A red ball is hovering at the center. A black bar is right to the left of a purple bar on the ground in the right corner. The black bar is on top of a big black bar that covers the rest of the floor."
"There are two slanted black bars with an opening.  There is a red ball suspended below the black bars and a green ball suspended above the black bars."
"There are black stair platforms extending from the top left to bottom right. Underneath them is a purple cup. There is a large red ball near the last step, and a tiny green ball above the next to last step at the top of the screen."
"There are small black stairs from the top left to bottom right. Underneath the stairs is a purple cup. The red ball hovers over the last stair and purple cup, and the green ball is above it."
"The purple bar is at the bottom. A long black horizontal bar reaching both the ends is placed close to the top. A shorter black horizontal bar is placed near to the bottom. A green vertical bar is positioned on the extreme left end of the short black bar. The red ball is hovering slightly above the green bar leaning towards right but below the longer horizontal bar."
"There is a vertical green bar on a black platform with a big red ball directly above it. Beneath the platform is the purple goal floor."
"A black bar goes from wall to wall at the center top. A red ball hovers under it at the center left. The green bar is right under the red ball and on a smaller black bar. This black bar is hovering at the center bottom. A purple bar is the floor."
"There is a red ball directly above a vertical green line and a horizontal black line. Beneath those, there is a purple floor."
"There is a black platform with a green vertical bar on it.  There is a red ball suspended above the black platform."
"A black bar goes from wall to wall at the center top. A red ball hovers under it at the center left. The green bar is right under the red ball and on a smaller black bar. This black bar is hovering at the center bottom. A purple bar is the floor."
"There are two black platform is the middle of the left side with a distance of red ball. The purple platform at the bottom. The red ball on the black platform."
"A black bar is in the center across the screen. A red ball is hovering under it in the center. A green bar is on a smaller black bar in the center bottom. A purple bar is on the ground and is the floor."
"There is a slanted black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A green ball hovers a red ball. The red ball is hovering over a black bar. The black bar is connected to the left top side and is pointing downwards to the right. The purple bar is connected to the right wall and is tilted downwards to the left."
"There is a long black ramp coming from the top left corner. There's a smaller purple ramp coming from the right. A red and green ball are positioned above the black ramp, with the red ball furthest to the left."
"There are two black platforms. The long platform is almost 5-6 times longer than the smaller platform and placed diagonally from the left while slanting downwards. The small platform is placed diagonally from the right and slanting downwards. Both green and red balls are hovering above the long platform. The smaller green ball is placed towards the top while the larger red ball is directly below the green ball and positioned very close to the long platform."
"A red ball hovers at the top center. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the right top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"There is a small purple platform on the right and a larger black platform on the left. There is a large red ball above the black platform and a smaller green ball above the purple platform."
"A long black bar is placed from the left end and slanting downwards. The purple bar is positioned from the right and slanting downwards. The smaller green ball is hovering at the top and positioned slightly left of the opening between the two diagonal bars. The larger red ball is hovering below left of the green ball and above the long black bar."
"There are two platforms and two balls. Black platform is in the left side of the wall while Blue platform is in the right side of the wall which is shorter then black platform and placed below it.Red ball is placed over black platform and green ball is placed above the black platform.Red ball is bigger than green ball."
"A green ball is hovering at the top left. A red ball is hovering at the top center. A black bar is attached to the left wall at the top center. It is going downwards to the right. A purple bar is attached to the right wall. It is going downwards to the left."
"A red ball hovers at the top center. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the center top above the red ball. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"There is a small  black ramp extending from the top left corner about halfway across, and a longer purple ramp coming from the right edge to form a sort of funnel. Above the black ramp is a large red ball, and above the opening to the funnel is a medium green ball."
"There is a black ramp coming from the left and a purple one from the right. A tiny red ball is above the purple ramp and a larger green ball is above the black"
"There is a long black ramp slanting from left to right and a smaller purple ramp slanting the opposite. The red ball is in the air above the gap between them, and the green ball is further up the long black ramp near the top."
"There is a long black ramp from the top left descending down, and a smaller purple ramp from the right. Both equally sized balls are about midway up the black ramp suspended in the air."
"A red ball hovers at the top left. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the center top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"The green ball is above the right side of the larger red ball. Beneath them both is a sloped black platform leading to the right to a purple platform sloped the opposite way."
"There is a long black ramp from top left to bottom right, and a smaller purple ramp in the opposite direction. The large red ball is above the black ramp, and the green ball is centered above both ramps near the gap."
"The large red and medium green ball rest above a small black ramp and a large purple ramp, all in the top half of the screen."
"A large red ball rests against a small purple ramp on the right side. The small green ball is on the left side above a longer black ramp."
"Medium sized red and green balls are in the air slightly off center. There is a long black ramp and a small purple ramp underneath them."
"There is a slanted black bar and red ball above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended just above the red ball.  There is a slanted purple bar underneath the black bar."
"A red ball hovers at the top left. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the center top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"There is a long black ramp descending from the top left corner and a shorter purple ramp coming from the right. Above them are a large red ball and a smaller green ball. The red ball is positioned over the black ramp but the green ball is over the gap."
"A small black ramp is on the left side and a large purple ramp is on the right. The large red ball is above the small black ramp and the medium green ball is above it and slightly to the right, almost over the purple ramp."
"A large red ball and a smaller green are touching above a black angled platform attached to the left side. A purple bar is angled the other way attached to the right side"
"The black platform in the left with a distance of red ball is slightly greater than the green ball.The purple platform in the right side. The red and the green ball are placed in the purple platform."
"A long black platform is placed from the left end and slanting downwards. A smaller dark purple platform is positioned from the right and slanting downwards. The smaller green ball is hovering at the top over the longer platform. The larger red ball is placed left below the green ball but above the longer platform."
"A red ball hovers at the top center. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the right top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"There is a slanted black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a long black ramp and a shorter purple one. Both balls are above the ramps, nearly in the middle, although the red ball is more above the black ramp and the green ball is more above the purple one. The balls are the same size."
"Medium sized red and green balls hover at the top of the area. The red ball hovers over a long black ramp on the left, and the green ball hovers over the same but slightly to the right. There is a small purple ramp on the far right."
"A green ball hovers in the top middle. A red ball hovers below it in the middle. A black bar is on the left pointing downwards to the right. A long purple bar is on the right pointing downwards to the left."
"There is a black slanted bar and a red ball suspended just above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A green ball hovers at the top left. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A red ball is hovering at the center top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball.The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball and green ball on the purple platform. The purple platform at the right side."
"There is a long black ramp to the left and a smaller purple one to the right. There is a large red ball above the black ramp and a smaller green ball next to it, closer to the purple ramp."
"The black platform is in the left, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball.The red ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball and green ball on the purple platform. The purple platform at the right side."
"A red ball hovers at the top right. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the center top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"The black platform is in the middle, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball.The red ball fall from black platform to the purple platform. The purple platform in the right side."
"A green ball is hovering at the top center. A red ball is hovering right under the green ball. A black bar is attached to the top left center and is pointing downwards to the right. A purple bar is attached to the wall in the right center and is pointing downwards to the left."
"There is a red ball suspended above the black bar and a green ball above the red ball suspended in the air."
"A red ball hovers at the top left. A left wall black bar is going downwards. A green ball is hovering at the center top. A right wall purple bar is going downwards."
"There is a slanted black bar with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a long black ramp slanting down from the top left corner, and smaller purple ramp slanting down from the right. Two equally sized red and green balls are above the long black ramp, with the red ball furthest to the left."
"There is a long black ramp from the top left downward, and a smaller purple ramp from the right downward. The large red ball and medium green ball are near the top left of the area. The red ball is furthest to the left."
"A green ball hovers at the top center. A red ball hovers at the center right. There are rows of black balls from the left at the center top and center bottom. There are rows of black balls from the right at the center and bottom. The purple bar is the floor."
"There are scattered black dots throughout the area with a large red ball semi close to center. A smaller green  ball is above it near the top."
"There is a green ball suspended above the black rocks and red ball suspended in between the black rocks."
"There is a red ball suspended above the black rocks and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There are scattered black dots throughout the area. A red ball is in the upper left and an equally sized green ball is directly above it."
"There are black dots throughout the area, a small red ball, and a green ball near the top left."
"The purple bar is at the bottom. The green ball is hovering in the middle near the top. The red ball is positioned below the green ball and slightly towards the right. The area between the two balls and the purple bar is filled with about 40 black colored spots."
"There is a red ball suspended above some black rocks and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There are lot of black spots and the purple platform in the bottom. There are two balls. The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the bottom."
"There is a cluster of black dots and a large red ball stuck on top of them. Slightly above the red ball is a medium sized green one. The entire ground is purple."
"A red ball hovers at the bottom right. A green ball hovers over it to the right. A black bar is at the center ceiling going down to the bottom center. A black bar is on a floor black bar at center left. A purple bar is the right side of the floor."
"There is a large red ball to the right of the area that is stuck inside of a black wall. There is a tiny green ball above it and off centered a little towards the right."
"The black platform at the center and the bottom. The purple platform at the right side. The red ball is slightly greater than the green ball. Both the balls are placed at the ground."
"The two black platforms are vertical one is in the middle suspended from the top and one is suspended on the left side lower.  The red ball is suspended horizontally in the air.  The green ball is above the red ball."
"The large red ball is on the left side in the air above a small black cubby. The tiny green ball is above the red ball, slightly to the left of center. The purple floor is on the right hand side of the area on the other side of a split black wall."
"The large red ball is on the left hand side of the screen above a black cubby. The smaller green ball is in the center of the space, at the top, next to a split black wall. The purple floor is on the right hand side of the split wall, opposite the green ball."
"A black bar is at the center ceiling dropping down towards the center. A purple bar on the left and black floor bar on the right makes the floor. A black bar on the floor black bar is at the center right. A green ball hovers over a red ball at the center left. A red ball in on the round on the floor black bar."
"There is a small black cubby area on the bottom right, and a small red ball inside of it. An even smaller green ball is a little bit above the red ball."
"There is a black cubby area to the right with a medium sized red ball above it. A little higher is a tiny green ball."
"A ceiling black bar at the center and going down towards the middle bottom. A green ball hovering at the center left. A red ball hovering at the bottom left corner. A black standing bar at the center left. A floor black bar at the left and a floor purple bar at the right."
"The large red ball is on the left hand side of the screen near a black cubby. The tiny green ball is above it and slightly to the left. The purple floor is on the other side of a black split wall, on the right."
"The large red ball rests on the right side of the screen in a small black cubby. A tiny green ball is above it and slightly to the left."
"The purple bar is at the bottom. A long vertical black bar is positioned in the middle hanging from top. A very short vertical black bar is positioned close to the left end and on top of the purple bar. The small green bar is hovering above slightly left of the short bar. The red ball is placed directly below the green ball leaning left of the short bar."
"The large red ball is in the air on the left side above a small black cubby. The tiny green  ball is slightly above the red ball and a little to the left. The purple floor is on the right side of the room on the other side of a split wall."
"A ceiling black bar at the center and going down towards the middle bottom. A green ball hovering at the center left. A red ball hovering at the bottom right corner. A black standing bar at the center left. A floor black bar at the left and a floor purple bar at the right."
"A long black vertical bar hanging from the top is positioned in the middle. A smaller black vertical bar is positioned at the bottom towards the left of the black bar. The larger red ball is hovering in the middle towards the left end and above the shorter bar. The smaller green ball is hovering directly above the red ball. The dark purple bar is at the bottom."
"The large red ball is on the right hand side over a lack cubby, and the tiny green ball is slightly above it and to the left. In the middle there is a split black wall and the purple floor is to the left of the split."
"There is a red ball suspended above a black vertical bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a vertical bar and a red ball suspended on the right side of the vertical black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"The large red ball hovers in the air to the right of the frame above a small b lack cubby. The green ball is slightly above the red ball and to the left."
"The green ball is in the air above a black line and the red ball. The red ball is on the right side of the line."
"There are two platforms vertically with an opening.  The red ball is suspended on the right side of the vertical platform and a green ball suspended above the red ball slightly to the left."
"The large red ball hovers in the air over a black split wall, and the small green ball hovers above it slightly to the right."
"The large red ball is hovering above a small cubby on the left hand side. The tiny green ball is slightly above the red ball and to the left, also in the air. The purple floor is to the bottom right."
"There is a red ball suspended in the air with a green ball above it.  On the right side is a black platform vertical with an opening."
"The large red ball hovers on the left hand side of the area above a small black cubby. The tiny green ball is in the air slightly above the red ball and to its left."
"There is a large red ball to the right of the area inside a black cubby. There is a small green ball slightly above the red ball, next to a split black wall. The purple goal area is on the ground to the left."
"The large red ball is on the left hand side hovering above a black cubby. The small green ball is in the air above it and just slightly to the left. There is a split wall and the purple floor is on the right side of the split."
"There is a red ball suspended just above on the left side of a black vertical bar.  there is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a large red ball on the left side of the screen in a black cage. There's a smaller green ball a little above it, and a purple goal area to the right beyond a split black wall."
"There is a small black cubby area to the right of the space and the purple goal area to the left. There's a large red ball directly above the cubby area and a tiny green ball above it."
"There is a black bar coming from the bottom and another longer one from the top. The large red ball is just off center to the left of the smaller black bar, and the tiny green ball is directly above."
"A ceiling black bar at the center goes down towards the bottom center. A standing floor black bar is at the center right. A floor purple bar is at the left and a floor black bar is at the right. A green bar is hovering at the center right. A red ball is hovering right below it."
"The black platform is in the center, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. The purple bar in the bottom."
"There is a large red ball on the right side in a black cubby, and a smaller green ball slightly above it. The purple floor is to the left of the cubby underneath a split black wall."
"There is a black caged area to the bottom right, just large enough for the red ball to fit in. The red ball is directly above it and a tiny green ball is above that. The purple area is to the left on the ground."
"There is a red ball suspended above a vertical black bar.  there is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a vertical black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a large red ball hovering directly over a black cubby area on the right edge of the screen. Above the red ball is a tiny green ball. The purple goal area is to the left of the cubby."
"There is a vertical black bar and a red ball suspended just above it on the left side.  above the red ball is a green ball suspended in the air."
"A medium sized red ball and tiny green ball are stacked on top of each other in the air. On the ground to the left is a black cubby area, and to the right is the purple floor on the other side of a split black wall."
"The purple bar is at the bottom. A long vertical black bar is positioned in the middle hanging from top. A very short vertical black bar is positioned close to the right end and on top of the purple bar. The green ball is hovering above and close towards the right end. The red ball is placed below left the green ball and close to the purple bar."
"There is a black cubby area on the left just big enough for the red ball to fit in. The large red ball is directly above it and a tiny green ball is slightly higher and a little off centered favoring the right."
"There is a wall coming up from the floor to make a little cubby area on the right, just large enough for the red ball. There's a tiny green ball above it."
"There is a vertical black bar and a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A red ball is hovering in the left corner. A green ball is hovering over the red ball. A black bar is to the right of the red ball on the ground. A big black bar is hanging from the center ceiling. There is a black bar and purple bar on the ground. The black bar is on the left and the purple bar is on the right."
"There is a large red ball on the right hand side in a black cubby area. A smaller green ball is above the red ball and a little to the left."
"The green ball rests on a small black platform while the large red ball hovers above in the air."
"There is a small black platform suspended in the air with a green ball on top of it.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"A red ball is hovering at the top right. A green ball is under it to the left. The green ball is on a black bar at the center right. A purple bar is the floor."
"The purple bar is at the bottom. The green ball is placed on top of a small, black platform in the middle. The large red pall is hovering near the top, placed above the green ball and leaning right."
"a large red ball is above a smaller green balls right side. The green ball rests on a black platform. A purple horizontal bar makes up the floor."
"The green  ball rests on a small black line and the red ball hovers above it."
"A red ball hovers at the top center. A green ball is hovering below the red ball at the center. The green ball is on top of a black bar. The purple bar is the floor."
"The medium sized green  ball rests on a slightly curved black platform in the air. The huge red ball is above it and slightly to the left, and the floor is filled with purple."
"The medium sized green ball rests on a slightly curved small black line. The large red ball hovers above it and slightly to the left. The purple line is the entire floor."
"The medium green ball rests inside of a slightly curved grey line. The huge red ball is above it and slightly to the left. The balls and platform hover over the large purple floor."
"A green ball is resting on a black angled platform. Above it and to the right is a very large red ball."
"The green ball is cradled in a slightly curved and small black platform. The large red ball is above it and a little to the left."
"There is a vertical grey bar with a green ball placed on top of it.  There is a red ball suspended just above a slanted black bar."
"There is a grey ball suspended in the air with a red ball suspended above it and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a tiny purple platform towards the left hand side of the screen, and three medium balls: red, grey, and green in a straight line."
"All of the balls are medium sized. The red ball is on the left in a series of diagonal black lines. The Green ball is in the top center, and the grey ball is on the right hand side of a split wall along with the purple floor."
"A row of black bars are hovering at the center left and pointing downwards to the right. Two black bars from the ground and ceiling are at the center. A purple bar covers the right half of the floor. A green ball hovers at the center top to the left. A gray ball hovers at the center top to the right. A red ball is hovering at the center left between black bars."
"A row of black bars are hovering at the center left. Two black bars from the ground and ceiling are at the center. A purple bar covers the right half of the floor. A green ball hovers at the center top to the left. A gray ball hovers at the center top to the right. A red ball is hovering at the center left between black bars."
"A row of black bars are hovering at the center left. Two black bars from the ground and ceiling are at the center. A purple bar covers the right half of the floor. A green ball hovers at the center top to the left. A gray ball hovers at the center top to the right. A red ball is hovering at the center left between black bars."
"There is a red ball on the slanted black bars in the third position.  There is a green ball suspended in the air between the black slanted bars and the vertical bars with an opening.  on the other side of the vertical bars on the right is a grey ball suspended in the air at the same height as the green ball."
"The red ball is on the left in a series of diagonal lines. The green ball is in the center, and the grey ball is on the other side of a split wall. The purple floor is on the right side with the grey ball."
"There's a small red ball on the diagonal lines near the center. The green ball is in the top middle with a clear path straight down, and the grey ball is on the other end of a split wall by the purple goal."
"A row of black bars are hovering at the center left. Two black bars from the ground and ceiling are at the center. A purple bar covers the right half of the floor. A green ball hovers at the center top to the left. A gray ball hovers at the center top to the right. A red ball is hovering at the center left between black bars."
"The black platform are many, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the grey ball. The green ball was placed in the purple platform. The purple bar in the right side."
"There are slanted black bars with red ball on the third black bar.  The green ball is suspended in the air between the black slanted bars and the vertical bars that have an opening where the grey ball is on the floor."
"The grey and green  balls are at the top of the area, but on opposite sides of a wall. The grey ball is directly above the purple line. The red ball is in a series of diagonal lines."
"The small red ball is on the left in between slanted lines. The green ball hovers at the top center, while the grey ball is on the other side of a split black wall. The purple floor is also on the right side of the split black wall with the grey ball."
"The tiny red ball is in the air to the left hand side, in a series of black diagonal lines. The green ball is in the top center, and the grey ball is on the other side of a split black wall. The purple floor is on that same side as the grey ball."
"There are slanted black bars on the left with a red ball on the fourth slanted black bar.  There is a green ball suspended in between the slanted black bars and a vertical black bar with an opening.  on the right side of the black bar is a grey ball suspended at the same height as the green ball."
"A row of black bars are hovering at the center left. Two black bars from the ground and ceiling are at the center. A purple bar covers the right half of the floor. A green ball hovers at the center top to the left. A gray ball hovers at the center top to the right. A red ball is hovering at the center left between black bars."
"There are slanted black bars and a red ball on the 2nd slanted black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the 1st slanted black bar.  There is a vertical black bar to the right and a grey ball suspended midway on the right side of the vertical bar."
"A green ball is hovering at the top center. A gray bar is hovering at the bottom center. The red ball is under the gray ball to the right. Two black bars are attached to the left and right walls. They are at the bottom center below the balls. A purple bar is the floor."
"There is a horizontal black bar with an opening.  there is a red ball on the right side of the opening suspended and a grey ball suspended in the air in the opening.  There is a green ball suspended above the red and grey balls."
"There are two black bars with a small opening in the middle.  The red ball is suspended above the black bars.  the grey ball is suspended above the red ball and the green ball is suspended above the grey ball."
"A green ball hovers at the top center. A gray ball hovers at the center. A red ball is under it to the left. Two black bars are on the left and right walls in the bottom center. A purple bar is the floor."
"There is a very small opening in a black bar, just big enough for the green ball to fit through. The red tiny ball is closest right above it, followed by a larger grey, and up above them all is the green ball. The entire floor is purple."
"A green ball hovers at the center top. A gray ball hovers at the bottom center. A red ball is right under it and it's hovering. There are two wall black bars at the bottom center. A purple bar is the floor."
"The purple bar is all the way across the bottom. A black bar is above the purple bar with a gap in the middle that is barely bigger than the green ball. The gray ball is suspended above the black bar, to the left, with its right side hanging over the gap. The red ball is suspended a little lower than the gray ball, to the right, with its left side hanging over the gap. The green ball is suspended at the top above the gap and the other two balls."
"A green ball hovers at the center top. A gray ball hovers at the center center. A red ball is right under it and it's hovering. There are two wall black bars at the bottom center. A purple bar is the floor."
"There are two horizontal black bars with an opening in the middle.  There is a red ball suspended above the right black bar.  There is a grey ball suspended above the opening and a green ball suspended above the grey ball."
"There is a black bar with a small hole going horizontally across the screen. Near the opening are a red and silver ball, with a green ball further towards the top. Underneath the hole is the purple floor."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a green ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"There are two horizontal black bars with an opening in the middle.  There is a red ball suspended above the opening.  There is a grey ball suspended above the red ball and a green ball suspended above the grey ball."
"There is a small curved platform with a green ball on it. Above and slightly to the right is a larger red ball."
"Red ball flies above green ball on the black bar."
"There are two horizontal black bars with an opening in the middle.  There is a red ball suspended above the right black bar.  There is a grey ball suspended above the opening and a green ball suspended above the grey ball."
"A large red ball is on the very top, with a smaller green on a black platform to the left of red ball center. A green rests on the black platform."
"There is a black line in the middle of the graph with an opening in the middle. There is a purple bar at the bottom. There are three balls: equal-sized red and gray balls, and a smaller green ball. The red ball is almost touching the black bar, the grey ball is touching the red ball, and the green ball is above them."
"The black platform is centered and halfway between the top and bottom. The blue ball is on the platform and the red ball is at the top, just off-center a bit to the right of the blue ball."
"There is a small hole in a black bar, with the red and grey balls arranged near the opening and the green ball further up."
"A green ball sits on a black bar. A red ball is above the green ball."
"There is a black floor with a hole in it, leading to a purple subfloor. Above the floor are three balls: a red and grey ball positioned almost at the hole, and a green ball above them."
"A green ball is on a black bar. A red ball is above the green ball."
"There are two horizontal black bars with an opening in the middle.  There is a red ball suspended above the left black bar.  There is a grey ball suspended above the opening and a green ball suspended above the grey ball."
"The black platform is above the ground and off-center to the left. The blue ball is centered on the platform. The red ball is at the very top and centered."
"Red ball fly on the top of green ball that's located on black bar."
"There are two platforms on either side of the area and a purple floor along the bottom. Above the platforms are a grey and red ball, and above those is a green ball."
"The medium sized green ball is on a small curved platform. The large red ball is above it and slightly to the right. The entire floor is purple."
"The larger red ball is above the green which is on a black platform. The purple platform is underneath them."
"The green ball is on the left side of the parallel line while the gray ball is on the right side. The red ball is on the second bottom line on the left."
"There is a red ball resting in a series of slanted diagonal black lines on the lefthand side of the screen. A green ball is in the middle of the screen with a straight path down, and on the right hand side is a grey ball on the other side of a wall with a small hole. The floor on the right hand side is purple."
"The purple platform is on the bottom of the frame while the black platform is on the middle left of the screen. The green ball is on tie black platform while the right ball hovers over the top right side of the green ball."
"A green ball is on a black bar. A red ball is above the green ball."
"There are 7 slanted black bars. The red ball is between the bars. The green ball is trapped at the top. A grey ball is separated from the green ball by a bar."
"A big red ball is at the top. A green ball is below it. The green ball is on a black bar."
"A green ball is on top of a black bar. A red ball is above the green ball."
"A large red ball is hovering over a small green ball. The green ball is resting on a black platform. Below the black platform is a purple platoform."
"There is a small curved platform with a green ball on it. Hovering above and a little to the right is a large red ball."
"A green ball is in the center vertical pathway. A red ball is two slopes up from bottom. The purple platform is on the right side after a small game in the center vertical  wall."
"There are slanted black bars and a red ball on the 4th slanted black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the 1st slanted black bar.  There is a vertical black bar to the right and a grey ball suspended midway on the right side of the vertical bar."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a green ball suspended.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"A green ball is on the top in center, a red ball is on a sloped black platform. The purple bar is on the right side through a small opening with a grey ball already on it."
"A green ball is in the center vertical path, and a small red ball is on the third slope up from bottom platform. The purple bar is the flooring of the right side of the area, past a small opening."
"The black platform is slightly closer to the bottom than the top. It's off-center just to the right, as well. The blue ball is centered on the platform. The red ball near the top and close to the right corner."
"A medium green ball is falling down the center path with a small red ball on the slope third down from stop. A vertical wall with a small gap separate side and the right side has a purple playform as a floor."
"The platform is slightly curved and centered between the top and bottom. It's also off-center to the left. The blue ball is on the platform. The red ball is centered at the top."
"Red ball touching green ball located on black bar"
"A red ball is situated inside several diagonal black lines. A grey ball is on the other side of a wall with a hole in it, and a green ball is in between the two positioned to fall straight down through an open path."
"There are 7 diagonal black platforms. A green ball is on top platform. A red ball is down 4 platforms further. To the right is a small opening between two long black platforms. A grey ball and a purple platform are on the other side of the black platforms."
"The platform is off-center to the right and just a bit closer to the bottom than the top. The blue ball is on the platform. The red ball is near the top and in the center."
"there is a horizontal black bar with a green ball on top of it.  The red ball is suspended above the green ball."
"The purple platform is on the bottom. The black platform is on the middle right of the screen. The green ball is on top of the black platform while the red ball is hovering above the green ball."
"BOTH ARE GOOD SHAPE AND COLOR IN CORRECT POSITION"
"BOTH ARE GOOD SHAPE AND COLOR IN CORRECT POSITION"
"There are seven slanted black lines. A red ball is between the lines. A green ball and a grey ball are separated by a black bar."
"there is a horizontal black bar with a green ball on top of it.  The red ball is suspended above the green ball."
"A green and grey ball are at the top. There are 7 slanted black bars. A red ball is between the bars."
"There are slanted black bars and a red ball on the 2nd slanted black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the 1st slanted black bar.  There is a vertical black bar to the right and a grey ball suspended midway on the right side of the vertical bar."
"The black platform is slightly above the purple platform about two green balls length from the left side. The green ball is on the platform while the red ball is on the top of the middle of the frame."
"BOTH ARE GOOD SHAPE AND COLOR IN CORRECT POSITION"
"A black bar is in the middle. A small green ball is on the black bar. A large red ball is above the green ball."
"There are a bunch of black slanted bars. A red ball is in them. A red and grey ball are next to each other."
"A large red ball is above a smaller green ball, which is on a black platform. The purple platform is on the ground."
"The purple platform is on the left of the frame while the black platform is on the right. There is a small border on the right of the screen about a red ball's width to the left. The red ball is on the bottom right of the screen while the green ball is hovering on the top left side of the red ball."
"There are 7 diagonal black platforms on the left hand side. A medium sized green ball is on the next to highest platform with a smaller red ball underneath. To the right are two long black platforms with a large grey ball between them. At the bottom below the grey ball is a purple platform."
"The green ball is midway into the air while the red ball is sitting on top of the right side on a black bar."
"A large red ball is just above a vertical black bar, with a small green ball above the red ball. The bottom right half of the floor is purple platform."
"BOTH ARE GOOD SHAPE AND COLOR IN CORRECT POSITION"
"There is a black platform connected to the left wall about two-thirds up. It slopes down to the right and ends three-quarters of way across the bottom at about one-third the height of the walls. Slightly lower than the right end of the black platform is a purple bar connected to the right wall and sloping down to the left about one-fifth the length of the bottom. There is small vertical gap between the black platform and the purple bar. The green ball is poised over the black platform. A larger red ball is placed on the bottom, just to the left of the purple bar."
"the smaller green ball is above the larger red in the lower right corner. A black vertical bar is to the right of them on the ground."
"BOTH ARE GOOD SHAPE AND COLOR IN CORRECT POSITION"
"BOTH ARE GOOD SHAPE AND COLOR IN CORRECT POSITION"
"A larger green ball is slightly above a smaller red ball near the right side. A small vertical wall is on the ground and the purple bar make up the left side of the floor."
"BOTH ARE GOOD SHAPE AND COLOR IN CORRECT POSITION"
"A large red ball is on the right side of a short black dividing wall. A green ball is suspended higher up next to it, but still on the right hand side of a larger dividing wall. The goal area is on the left hand of the wall."
"There is a red ball and a green ball suspended above it.  There is a vertical black bar on the right of the red ball."
"with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the green ball."
"There is a red ball suspended above a black vertical bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"BOTH ARE GOOD SHAPE AND COLOR IN CORRECT POSITION"
"A black bar is in the center. A red ball is on the left. A green ball is on the right."
"There are two slanted black bars. A red ball and green ball are on the left bar."
"A larger green ball is above a red ball near the bottom left. A purple floor bar is on the bottom right side of the floor."
"A green ball is inside a cup. A red ball is under the cup."
"There is a red ball suspended above a grey cup and a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A large red ball is above a black sloped platform. There is a green smaller ball above the red. There is a large sloped purple bar to the right."
"There is a slanted black bar with red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A large red ball and a smaller green ball are directly above a grey cup."
"There is a slanted black bar with red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A large red ball is above a grey cup, with a smaller green ball to the left of center of the red ball above it. A purple bar makes the floor."
"A red ball has a green ball just the right of center above it. The ball have a grey cup shape beneath them on the purple ground."
"A large grey cup is balancing on top of a red ball. Above the cup is a green ball."
"A red ball is 3/4th the way up with a smaller green ball on the black platform beneath it just to the right. A purple bar is on the right side."
"Red ball is on the ground with a grey cup balanced on it.  The green ball is suspended above the grey cup."
"The purple bar is at the bottom."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a green ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"A red ball is at the top of the screen. A green ball is far below it suspended in the hair. A long black platform is directly below. To the left is a long purple bar."
"Two black bars descend from the corners to form a funnel. A large red ball is underneath the funnel to the left, while a tiny green ball is above the funnel and slightly to the right."
"There are two slanted black bars with an opening in the middle.  There is a red ball suspended below the black bars.  There is a green ball suspended above the black bars.  There is a horizontal black bar on the floor."
"The black platform is just above the ground. It's slightly elevated by a short bar on angled on each end. The blue ball is suspended just above the right end of the platform. The red ball is above the blue ball, but centered a bit to the left of the blue ball."
"There are two black platforms on the top half of the frame slanting downwards. The red ball is on the right side in the air about in the middlemost part of the black platform while the green ball is right of top of the red ball with a space in between."
"Red ball on the top of green ball and black bar."
"The green ball is smaller and on top above two sloped black platforms with a gap between them. The larger red ball is below the two black platforms."
"The black bar is at the bottom. The red ball is most of the way up the right side. The green ball is below the red ball. It is below it and slightly to the left."
"There are two slanted black bars on the top of the frame, they do not touch. The purple platform is on the left side. The red ball is above the bottom right side of the black platform on the bottom and the green ball is in the top middle of the frame."
"A green ball is at the top. It is above a black bar."
"Red ball flies on the top of green ball on the black bar."
"Two diagonal ramps meet to form a funnel at the top. A red and green are inside the funnel, near the top and shifted slightly to the left."
"There is a slanted black bar with red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A green ball is above a black platform with a purple vertical wall on the right side. Above the green ball is a red larger ball that is to the green left of center."
"There are two slanted black bars with an opening in the middle.  There is a red ball suspended above the black bars.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball.  There is a horizontal black bar on the floor."
"There are two bars at the top that mimic a funnel. There is a black line for 4/5 of the bottom with a purple bar on the right side. There is a black bar on top of the bottom black bar. There is a large red ball and a small green ball. The green ball is falling down the funnel while the red ball slides on the right side."
"A larger red ball is to the left of a smaller green ball, both of which are above two sloped platforms with a gap between them.The purple platform is on the ground in the bottom left."
"The black platform is elevated just above the ground with an angled bar on each end. It extends almost the full length. The blue ball is positioned just above the platform near the leftmost end. The red ball is at the top, lined up with the blue ball."
"A red ball is at the top. A green ball is in the middle. A black bar is at the bottom."
"The black platform is on the ground, spanning from the 150-200 mark. The two black bars above are on slanted toward one another at the bottom, with a small space for an opening. The red ball is sitting on the right bar above, near the end. The blue ball is at the very top just off-center to the right."
"Two long black lines descend from the upper corners to forum a funnel. On the left hand side is a small red ball and on the right is a small green ball."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a green ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"There are two black lines coming from the top corners to form a funnel. A tiny green ball is in the funnel to the top right, and a large red ball is underneath it."
"Red ball flies above green ball and black bar."
"Two black bars come from the upper corners to form a funnel. A small green ball rests in the air directly above the opening to the funnel, and a large red ball is underneath."
"A black bar is at the bottom. A green ball is above it. A red ball is at the top."
"There are ramps descending down from the corners and forming a sort of funnel. Above the left side of the funnel is a red ball, and above the left is a green ball."
"the red ball is on the top right above the larger green ball."
"Red ball fly above green ball on the black bar."
"a large red ball is on a black slope with a green smaller ball above it to the right. There is a big enough gap in the black platform for the green ball but not the large red. Below on the floor is a purple bar."
"There are two black diagonal lines coming from the upper corners into the middle forming a funnel. A tiny green  ball is hovering at the top above the center and a large red ball is on the upper right."
"A red ball is at the top. A green ball is at the bottom. The green ball is on top of a black bar."
"The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom."
"The green ball is at the top center. There are two slanted black bars on the left and right. The red ball is in the left black bar. The purple bar is at the bottom in the middle."
"A small green ball is above two sloped platforms that have a gap in the middle. A purple bar is below on the bottom left side. A large red sits on the right side on the floor."
"The black platform is elevated just above the ground. It's propped up with short angled bars on each end. The blue ball is on the platform, just off-center to the right. The red ball is suspended above the blue ball, and just to the right of it."
"a green small ball is to the right of center of a red ball, both above sloped black platforms. The purple platform is on the bottom floor on the left side."
"The platform is elevated slightly above the ground with a short angled bar on each end. There is a small space on either end. The blue ball is suspended just above the platform, but slightly off-center to the right. The ball is suspended near the top and directly centered with the platform."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a green ball suspended.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"There are two slanted black bars with an opening in the middle.  There is a red ball suspended above the black bars.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball.  There is a horizontal black bar on the floor."
"The black platform is elevated above the bottom with two angled bars on each side. It extends almost the entire length of the ground. The blue ball is suspended above the rightmost end of the platform. The red ball is closer to the top, and centered on the right side."
"Red ball is going to fall on to black bar."
"There are two slanted black bars with an opening in the middle.  There is a red ball underneath the black bars.  There is a green ball suspended above the black bars.  There is a horizontal black bar on the floor."
"The red ball is on the middle of the right bar while the green ball is right above it in the air."
"There are two bars at the top mimicking a funnel. There is a black bar at the bottom with a smaller black bar on top of it, with a small purple bar on the left. The green ball is small and the red ball is big."
"Red and green balls are flying on top of black bar."
"There are two black lines acting like a funnel at the top of the area. A large red ball is underneath the funnel and a tiny green ball is on top of the funnel."
"A green ball is suspended at the top of the screen. Below it are two black platforms at an angle with a small opening between them. A red ball is at the bottom on black platform. To the right of the red ball is another black platform and a purple platform."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a green ball suspended.  There is a red ball suspended above the green ball."
"A smaller red ball is on the left side above a sloped black platform. A green ball is on the right side above a sloped platform. The purple platform is on the bottom right of the ground."
"There is a vertical black bar and to the right suspended is a red ball.  Above the red ball is a green ball suspended.  There is a black ball with a blue bar balanced on top of it."
"A small green ball is above two sloped platforms with a gap in the middle. The red ball lays on the floor below. A purple platform is on the ground right side"
"A larger green ball is next to a red ball, both above a blue horizontal bar balanced on a black ball. Two vertical black bars surround the blue bar area."
"There is a slanted black bar that a green ball is on.  The red ball is suspended above a grey bar with two black balls underneath.  There is a purple cup below the slanted black and horizontal grey bars."
"The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom."
"There is a sloping ramp with a purple cup in the middle. A green ball is at the top  of the ramp, and a little further down a red ball is hovering over the ramp."
"There is a purple cup in the middle of a sloping black ramp. A green ball is at the top of the ramp, and a red ball is a little further down towards the purple cup."
"A black ball holds up a blue line like a fulcrum. Above the left hand side is a large red ball, and above that is a green ball."
"There is a slanted black bar that a green ball is on.  The red ball is suspended above a grey bar with two black balls underneath.  There is a purple cup below the slanted black and horizontal grey bars."
"There is a black ball and green ball that are the same size, with a smaller red ball. There is a blue bar, black vertical bar and a black bar around that lasts the length of the x-axis. The black ball is holding the blue bar horizontally"
"There is a green ball on a slanted black bar.  There is a horizontal grey bar with a red ball and two black balls underneath it.  There is a purple cup next to the grey and black bars."
"A green ball and a slightly smaller blue ball are the same distance up. Below the blue ball just to the right is a larger red ball."
"There are two  vertical black bars and to the right suspended is a red ball.  Above the red ball is a green ball suspended.  There is a black ball with a blue bar balanced on top of it in between the vertical black bars."
"A green ball is midway up with a blue ball to its right the same distance high. A small red is below the green to the left of center."
"A small green ball is 4/5ths the way up on the left side, and the blue ball is the same distance up on the right side. Below the blue is a larger red."
"A blue bar is balanced on top of a black ball like a seesaw.  A red ball about twice the size of the the black ball is hovering over it.  A green ball the size of the black ball is over the red ball."
"There are two  vertical black bars and to the right suspended is a red ball.  Above the red ball is a green ball suspended.  There is a black ball with a blue bar balanced on top of it in between the vertical black bars and underneath the red and green balls."
"There are three balls: a big red ball, and equal-sized blue and green balls. The red ball is in the middle of it's descent on the right side while the green ball is upper left and the blue ball is almost vertical to it."
"A black ball is balancing a black bar. A red ball is next to it. A green ball is above it."
"There is a large red ball on the lower right hand side of the area with a tiny blue ball above it. On the opposite side is a tiny  green ball."
"There is a black ball holding up a blue bar, acting like a fulcrum. To the right of the bar is a green ball suspended in the air, and a little bit further over is a tiny red dot."
"The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom."
"There is a black ball holding up a blue bar and acting as a fulcrum in the middle. Above the left part of the bar is a large red ball, and above the right part is a medium sized green ball."
"There are two  vertical black bars and to the right suspended is a red ball.  Above the red ball is a green ball suspended.  There is a black ball with a blue bar balanced on top of it in between the vertical black bars."
"There is a red ball suspended in the air with a green ball above it.  There is a blue ball suspended parallel to the green ball."
"The green ball is above near the top. The blue bar is balanced on a black ball with a larger red on the left."
"The red ball is on the bottom left corner with the green ball on top of its right side while the blue ball is on the right side of the black bar."
"There are two vertical black bars in between is a blue bar with a black ball underneath supporting it.  There is a green ball suspended on the left side and a red ball suspended on the other side of the vertical black bar."
"There are two vertical black bars in between is a blue bar with a black ball underneath supporting it.  There is a green ball suspended on the right side and a red ball suspended on the other side of the vertical black bar."
"A black ball is underneath a blue bar acting as a kind of fulcrum. The red ball is hovering over the right side of the bar, and the green ball is near the top of the area just slightly to the left of the red ball."
"A small green ball is above several stepped black horizontal bars. A red larger ball is on a purple cup shaped figure below the stepped black bars."
"There are a series of small red stairs descending from the top left, and underneath them is a purple cup. Between the last two stairs is a small green ball and larger red ball, hovering in the air."
"There is a vertical black bar and to the right suspended is a red ball.  Above the red ball is a green ball suspended.  There is a black ball with a blue bar balanced on top of it."
"There are two  vertical black bars and to the right suspended is a red ball.  Above the red ball is a green ball suspended.  There is a black ball with a blue bar balanced on top of it in between the vertical black bars and underneath the red and green balls."
"There are small steps descending from the left hand side. Underneath the last two steps is a large purple cup. Above the last step is a tiny red dot and a larger green ball, with the tiny red dot closer to the stair."
"There are a series of small stairs descending from the top left of the area. Underneath the bottom of the stairs is a large purple cup. Hovering above the last stair is a tiny red ball, and above that is a larger green ball."
"There are bars shaped like cat ears. A red ball and green ball are separated by black bars."
"A small green ball is on the top left, with several black platforms below it, stepped. A larger red ball is under the black platforms. A cup shaped purple design is under the black platforms."
"There are five horizontal black bars descending like steps.  There is a purple cup underneath eh black horizontal black bars.  There is a red ball suspended above one of the black bars.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There are a series of small stairs descending from the top left. Underneath the last stairs is a large purple cup. Above the last stair is a tiny red ball and a larger green ball is above it."
"There are small black stairs descending from the top left to bottom right. Underneath the stairs is a purple cup. A large red ball is hovering below the stairs, as well, and a tiny green ball is resting above the top stair."
"There are five horizontal black bars descending like steps.  There is a purple cup underneath the black horizontal black bars.  There is a red ball suspended above one of the black bars.  There is a green ball suspended above the black bar that the red ball is underneath."
"There is a red ball and green ball suspended in the air next to each other.  There is a black ball with a blue bar on top of it balancing.  There are two vertical black bars suspending in the air on each side of the blue bar."
"There are two  vertical black bars and to the right suspended is a red ball.  Above the red ball is a green ball suspended.  There is a black ball with a blue bar balanced on top of it in between the vertical black bars."
"There are small steps descending from the top left to middle right. Underneath them is a large purple cup. Hovering above the last step is a tiny red dot and larger green ball."
"A small green ball is above several stepped black platforms which are themselves above a large purple jar. A red ball is halfway between the jar and green ball."
"There are a series of black stairs coming from the top left to middle right, and above the last stair is a tiny red ball and a small green ball. Underneath the stairs and the balls is a large purple cup."
"a small green ball is directly above a gap in stepped black platforms. Below the green ball is a red ball resting on the purple cup shape."
"There is a red ball suspended above a green vertical bar.  The vertical bar is on the left side of a horizontal black bar."
"There are five horizontal black bars descending like steps.  There is a purple cup underneath the black horizontal black bars.  There is a red ball suspended above one of the black bars.  There is a green ball suspended above the black bar that the red ball is underneath."
"The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom."
"A red ball is above a vertical green bar which is resting on a black platform about 10 ball lengths below. A purple floor is 8 ball lengths below the black platform."
"There are five small black lines mimicking stairs. There is a purple cup at the bottom with propped up black bars on each side. The red ball is tiny while the green ball is medium."
"A diagonal black bar is in the left hand side of the screen, and a purple one is on the right. They meet together to form a point. Along the left hand black bar is a grey cup with a green ball inside of it, and underneath them is a red ball. The cup is facing the right hand side."
"A diagonal black bar is in the left hand side of the screen, and a longer purple one is on the right. They meet together to form a point. Along the black bar is a grey cup with a green ball inside of it, and a tiny red ball directly touching the bar."
"A green ball is sitting inside of a silver cup. A larger red ball is just on the edge of the silver cup. Below are a black platform and purple platform connect together in a V shape."
"The platform is halfway between the top and bottom and slightly more to the left than the right. A blue bar stands vertically at the right end of the platform. The red ball is centered at the top."
"The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom."
"Red ball on the top of green bar vertically located on black bar."
"The black bar is slanted toward the bottom. The purple bar is shorter and slanted down from the right. The green ball is inside a cup. The cup is sitting on the black bar. The red ball is next to the cup."
"There is a slanted black bar.  There is a grey cup suspended with a green ball inside.  The red ball is underneath the grey cup."
"There is a platform suspended over the purple floor. On the left hand side of the platform is a green bar, and above it is a red ball."
"A black bar and purple combine to make a right angle that is at a slant.  At the top of the bar is a gray cup containing a green ball."
"A black bar is at the bottom. A green line stands on top of it. A red ball is above the green line."
"There is a slanted black bar.  There is a grey cup suspended with a green ball inside.  The red ball is underneath the grey cup."
"A small black bar comes out from the left side and connects to a longer purple bar that extends from the right. On the black bar is a grey cup containing a green and red ball that looks ready to topple."
"The red ball is positioned slightly to the right on top of the green bar which is at a right angle to the black bar which is hovering over the purple bar."
"The black platform is on the left side. The blue bar is in a vertical position on the rightmost end of the platform. The ball is just to the left and above the top of the blue vertical bar."
"There is a black bar on the left and a purple one on the right, which meet in a point. Along the left is a red ball and grey cup which is horizontal. Inside of the grey cup is a green ball."
"The red ball needs to drop about the size of 2 balls to knock the green pole to the purple bar."
"Red ball flies on the top of green bar."
"A green line is at the end of a black bar. A red ball is above the green line."
"There is a purple wall and a small grey cup near it with a long green straw. Above that is a red ball."
"There is a black line at y=55, a black line at y=160 that doesn't quite touch either side, and a purple line on bottom. There is a medium red ball and a green bar."
"Red ball fly above the green bar."
"The black platform is halfway between the top and bottom and off-centered a bit to the left. The blue bar is in a vertical position and positioned at the rightmost end of the platform. The red ball is at the top of the vertical bar, positioned on it's left side."
"There is a vertical green bar in a grey cup.  There is a red ball suspended over the vertical green bar."
"A green bar is in an upright position inside of a cup near a purple wall.   A red ball about the size of the cup is overhead."
"a large red ball is above a vertical green bar, just the the right of center."
"There is a green bar on the right side of the bottom of the screen. The red ball is hovering over the top left side of the bar. The purple platform is on the right."
"A green ball and tiny red ball are on a black bar."
"The purple bar is on the right. The red ball is in the upper right side. The green bar is standing. The green bar is just below the red ball. It is on the black bar."
"Green bar stand vertically on the right side of black bar and red ball on the top of them."
"There is a vertical green bar in a grey cup.  There is a red ball suspended over the vertical green bar."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a vertical green bar on the far right side.  There is a red ball suspended above the green bar."
"Red ball fly above green bar."
"There is a red ball suspended above a green vertical bar.  The vertical bar is on the right side of a horizontal black bar."
"There is a vertical green bar in a grey cup.  There is a red ball suspended over the vertical green bar."
"a red ball is just to the left of a vertical green bar and about 2.5 ball lengths above a horizontal black platform. A purple floor is below that by 2.5 ball lengths."
"A large red ball is 4/5ths the way up and above a green vertical bar the same length as the balls width. The ball is to the left of the bar, the bar is also in a grey cup shape."
"The platform is centered with the bottom and placed in the middle of the top and bottom. The blue bar is in a vertical position at the leftmost end of the black platform. The red ball is above the blue bar."
"The green ball is hovering over the black platform.The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom."
"There is a long black platform hovering over the purple floor. On the right side of the platform is a vertical green line and a red ball hovering over it."
"There is a solid black line at the top, a medium black line at middle, and a solid purple light at the bottom. There is a green bar that is standing and a red ball."
"A green ball is at the top. A grey ball is in the middle. A red ball is beneath them. They are above a black bar."
"A black platform is in the middle of the area with a vertical green bar on the right side. The small red ball is suspended above them."
"A black bar is in the middle. A green bar is on the black bar to the right. A red ball is above the green line."
"A green ball is above a red ball. The balls are above numerous tiny black balls."
"There is a red and green ball suspended above a bunch of black rocks."
"There is a red ball suspended over black rocks.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"BOTH ARE GOOD SHAPE AND COLOR IN CORRECT POSITION"
"There is a series of scattered black dots. A large red ball and smaller green ball hover above them."
"A green ball is above a red ball, both of which are above several small black balls. The purple bar is the floor."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a red ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"A large red ball and a medium sized green ball are above a black platform connected to the right side of the screen."
"There are many evenly spaced black dots across the space in four rows. Above them, near enter, are a green and red ball."
"A green ball is at the top. A red ball is on top of a black bar."
"Red ball is arriving on to black bar."
"A medium sized green ball is on the very top with a small red ball beneath it to the right just bit. There is a black platform just below them and a purple bar making up the flooring."
"A green ball is at the top left. A red ball is beneath it. They are on top of tiny black balls. The balls are all over and slanted like lines."
"There is a slanted black bar with red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"The black bar is closer to the top than the bottom. It's positioned on the left side. The red ball is above the platform and centered with it. The blue bar is at the top and is almost centered with the small right ball, but just a pinch to the right."
"There is a red and green ball suspended above black rocks."
"There are several rows of evenly spaced black dots across the screen. A red ball is positioned in the  middle of them and a green ball above them."
"A red ball is on a black platform halfway up. A green ball is above the red on it right side. A purple horizontal floor is on the bottom."
"There is a big red ball and a small green ball. There are black dots littering the graph. There is a purple bar on the bottom. The red ball is stuck between two dots."
"The platform is closer to the top than the bottom. It's on the leftmost edge. The red ball is suspended above the center of the platform. The blue ball is suspended above the red ball."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a red ball suspended above it.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a platform with a whole in it. Hovering above the hole is an upside down blue cup, a green ball, and a large red ball. The blue cup is touching the green ball with the right edge."
"There is a grey cup with a blue ball in the center of the screen. on either side are black ramps in the corner of the space. A large red ball is on the right hand ramp. Above the cup is another ramp, angling slightly down. Above that ramp is a small green ball."
"There is a small platform on the top right hand side of the area. The large purple floor is underneath. Directly above the platform is a red ball, and directly above it is a green ball."
"There are two black bars slanted in the corners. A cup is in the middle. A short black bar is on top. A blue ball is inside the cup. A red ball is trapped by the short and long bar on the right."
"a large red ball is on a slope and directly right is a larger green on top of a grey bar. The flooring is a purple platform."
"The green ball is above a red ball which is on a black platform. The purple floor is on the bottom."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a red ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"The small black platform is just off-center to the left and fairly close to the ground. The red ball is above the platform, lined up with the rightmost end. The blue ball is near the top and fairly centered with the platform."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a red ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a horizontal black bar with a red ball suspended above the black bar.  There is a green ball suspended above the red ball."
"There is a small black platform and two balls directly above it. There is a tiny red ball to the left and a medium sized green ball to the right."
"Red ball is arriving on to black bar."
"A large red ball is at the top. A small green ball is on a black line."
"The red ball is flying on to green ball on black bar."
"A green ball rest on a black platform with a large red ball high above it. A purple bar floor is below everything."
"The small platform is closer to the bottom than the top and on the left side, halfway between the left edge and the center. The blue ball is on the platform and the red ball is just above the the blue ball, but slightly to the left."
"a large red ball is above a green ball on a black platform."
"There is a larger red ball hovering over a smaller green ball. The green ball is resting on a black platform. The floor is a purple platform."
"Red ball is falling on to black bar."
"BOTH ARE GOOD SHAPE AND COLOR IN CORRECT POSITION"
"Red ball falling on to green ball on the black bar."
"The platform is towards the middle left of the frame. The green ball is sitting directly over the black platform while the right ball is above its top right."
"The purple platform is on the bottom. The black platform is on the middle of the frame. The green ball is on the black platform while the red ball is on the top middle of the frame above the green ball."
"The red ball is placed left below the green ball.The purple bar is at the bottom."
"A green ball is on the black platform with a large red ball above it to the right. Below is a purple bar as a floor."
"Red ball is falling on to black bar."
"A large red ball is hovering over a small green ball. The green ball is resting on a black platform. A purple platform is beneath the black platform."
