The balls all drop down, with the red ball touching the ground first.  The green ball then bounces off the red ball as the blue ball touches the ground.  The green ball touches the ground, rolls to the right and touches the blue ball.
The green ball falls and lands on the tiny red ball, pushing the tiny red ball towards the wall and the green ball away from it. The green ball continues rolling to the right until it hits the blue ball.
The balls drop, and the tiny green ball bounces off of the large red ball. The green ball rolls to the right, and continues rolling until it touches the medium blue ball that fell straight down from its starting position.
All three balls drop, with the red ball landing first due to its proximity to the ground. The green ball collides next with the red ball because it was directly above it, and rolls to the right where it collides with the blue ball after it has fallen straight down.
All the balls drop. The red ball drops straight down into the left corner. The green ball hits the red ball and rolls the blue ball into the right corner.
Both green ball and red ball fall down.red ball lands on the black platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball.green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom.
Add one ball its to make sure the green ball its touching blue ball.The orange ball is larger than given other two balls.The orange ball is fall down and hit the blue ball then the blue ball moving towards the right side and hit the green ball. At the same time the orange ball was land out the left corner.
Both green ball and red ball fall down. The red ball lands on the black platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball. The green ball is then bounced to right
At the same time both the green and red ball is fall down over the black platform. first the green ball lands on the black platform and it move towards right. After that red ball land on the black platform and it move towards the left side.
The red ball fall down on the green ball.The red ball and green ball fall down at the same time on the black bar.The red ball move to the left of the black bar.The green ball move to the right of the black bar.Now The green and red ball located straight opposite.The green ball also touch the purple platform.
The green ball fall down on the red ball and fall down.The red ball move on black platform to the left when the green ball fall down on the red ball.The green ball fall down to touch the red ball after that it fall down to black bar.The green ball moving into black platform to the right.The black bar ended,the green ball fall down the purple bar to the right and motion to left.
The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom.Both green ball and red ball fall down.The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right.The red ball lands on the black platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball.
The red ball lands on the black platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball. The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom.Both green ball and red ball fall down.
A red bar is placed on top of the black bar and when the green ball drops, the red ball knocks it so it rolls on the black bar.  Once it falls off the black bar, the green ball drops onto the purple bar.
The red ball rolls off the green bar and gray stool into the left corner. The green bar and gray stool move over to the right and the green bar leans on the purple bar.
Red ball fall down. The red ball lands on the bottom first, and . The green ball is then bounced to left, lands on the green platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the empty platform and finally not lands on the purple bar at the bottom.
The red ball falls and lands on the green bar.  The ball pushes the green bar to the right and hits the purple bar.  The red ball falls on the ground.
Both green ball and red ball fall down. The red ball lands on the black platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball. The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom.
Both green ball and red ball fall down. The red ball lands on the purple platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball. The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the purple platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the purple platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom.
The green ball fall down.The red ball also fall down,the blue bar touch the black bar and red ball also move to left to the black bar.The green ball fall down on the red ball and after move to blue bar.
The balls fall, with the large red ball pressing down the blue bar on the fulcrum to depress it. The green ball lands on the left hand side, which is raised due to the red ball's weight, and it begins to roll towards the red ball. As the red ball rolls off of the blue bar, the bar suddenly shifts the other direction now that the green ball is holding it down, and it rolls back towards the left.
The green ball fall down on the red ball and fall down.the red ball move on the black platform to the left when the green ball fall down on the red ball.the green ball fall down to touch the red ball after that it fall down to black bar.The green ball moving into black platform to the right.The balck bar ended,the green ball fall down the purple bar to the right and motion to left.
The jar, red ball and green ball are fall down at same time. First the jar reached the purple bar and then the red ball fall above the jar and it placed center of the jar. Then the green ball fall above red ball and it lands on the purple bar.
The balls fall, with the red ball falling straight down and the tiny green ball bouncing on both sides of the funnel before falling through the opening. It then bounces against the red ball on the ground and rolls off to the right, continuing to roll until it reaches the purple area.
The red ball fall from the top. The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. The purple bar in the left side.The red ball fall to the black platform and the green ball moves to the left side and the red ball at the right side.The purple jar at the left side
The green ball fall down on the red ball and fall down.The red ball move on black platform to the left when the green ball fall down on the red ball.The green ball fall down to touch the red ball after that it fall down to black bar.The green ball moving into black platform to the right.The black bar ended,the green ball fall down the purple bar to the right and motion to left.
Both green ball and red ball fall down. The red ball lands on the black platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball. The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom.
The red ball fall from the top. The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. The purple bar in the left side.The red ball fall to the black platform and the green ball moves to the left side and the red ball at the right side.The purple bar at the left side.
The balls fall, but the red ball knocks the green  ball to the left, causing it to land on the purple ramp. As the red ball continues to roll off of the black ramp, it lands on top of the green ball and pins them both so that the green ball maintains contact with the purple ramp.
Both green ball and red ball fall down. The red ball lands on the black platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball. The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom.
The tow balls starts moving to-words the right side and the red ball comes at front and it hits the purple bar the then green ball comes and hits the purple bar.then the two red ball and green ball stopped moving by hitting the black bars edge.
The green ball bounces off the red ball and gets stuck between the red ball and purple bar. The red ball rolls off the black bar and gets stuck between the black bar and green ball.
The green ball and red ball are fall down at same time. The red ball placed above the black balls at the bottom. Then the green ball fall above the red ball and then it move towards right. Again the green ball falls over the black balls and finally the green ball reach the purple bar at the bottom.
The red and green balls fall.  The red ball lands on the ground and the green ball lands on the red ball and rolls to the right over the black vertical bar.
The green ball fall down on the red ball and fall down.The red ball move on black platform to the left when the green ball fall down on the red ball.The green ball fall down to touch the red ball after that it fall down to black bar.The green ball moving into black platform to the right.The black bar ended,the green ball fall down the purple bar to the right and motion to left.
The red ball lands on the black platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball.Both green ball and red ball fall down. The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom.
The red and green balls fall.  The red ball lands on the ground and the green ball lands on the red ball and rolls to the right over the black vertical bar.
The green ball down.And also red ball bounce above the small vertical black bar.When the red ball bounce green ball fall down on the red ball.After green ball fall down in the small vertical black bar.After the green ball fall down the black platform and move to the purple platform.
Both green ball and red ball fall down. The red ball lands on the black platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball. The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom.
The red ball collides with the green ball thereby causing both balls to fall to the purple bar below. The red ball makes contact with the top right side of the green ball and the red ball rolls to the right and falls off the platform and along the right wall until it quickly reaches the purple bar where it ends up lodged against the right wall. The collision creates a slight spin on the green ball which causes the green ball to slowly roll to the left and fall from the black platform at a much slower rate than the red ball's fall, The green ball lands on the purple bar and rolls to the left.
The green ball fall down on the red ball and fall down.The red ball move on black platform to the left when the green ball fall down on the red ball.The green ball fall down to touch the red ball after that it fall down to black bar.The green ball moving into black platform to the right.The black bar ended,the green ball fall down the purple bar to the right and motion to left.
The green and gray balls start falling down from the top on opposite sides of the divider and the red ball falls down and starts rolling down the ramp to the right. The red ball and the green ball collide, which sends the green ball through the hole in the vertical divider. The red, green and gray balls all hit the bottom with the green and gray balls hitting the purple bar and the red ball is to the left of the vertical divider.
The grey ball falls straight down and bounces once on the blue surface before stopping. The green ball lands on top of the red ball next to the point of entry into the right side and bounces to the right while the red ball continues to fall straight down. The green ball falls to the right and bounces off the floor, bounces to the right against the wall and back left onto the ground.
