"They all fall, with the green hitting the ground along with the red ball. The blue ball directly above the red hits the red ball on its right side pushing it towards the left where it rolls into the green ball."
"The green and blue ball fall directly downwards and collide with the bottom. The green ball hits the red ball and begins to roll to the right. It continues rolling until it touches the blue ball."
"All the balls fall and the green and blue balls collide with the ground and stop. The large red ball falls until it hits the small blue ball on its right side, pushing it to the left. It rolls left until colliding with the green ball and stopping. The large red ball rolls to the right and until stopping at the right edge."
"They all fall with the blue and red hitting the ground first. The larger green hits the small red on its left side which pushes it to the right making it collide with the medium sized blue ball."
"All the balls fall with the green and blue ball landing on the ground. The red ball hits the larger green ball on its left side which pushes it to the right making it collide with the small blue ball."
"All three balls drop.  The blue ball on top of the red ball falls off to the side and rolls into the green ball."
"All the balls drop with the red hitting the ground first. The larger green ball hits the ground and stops and the blue lands on the red small ball with its right side. This causes it the go to the left and roll until it hits the green ball already on the ground."
"All the balls drop with the large red hitting the ground first. The blue hits the ground on the right while the green falls onto the reds right side which pushes the green to the left. The green rolls along the ground until hitting the blue ball which is already on the ground."
"All the balls fall with the blue and red hitting the ground. The green is above the red which collides with the red on its left side pushing it towards the blue until they touch."
"All three balls fall and hit the ground.  The blue ball rolls off the red ball and pushes the green ball into the corner of the graph."
"All the balls drop, with the green and blue colliding with the ground and stopping. The red collides onto the green balls left side, forcing it to the right and rolling along the ground until it collides with the blue ball, as which point they both roll to the right side and stop."
"All the balls fall with the red and blue hitting the ground first. The green hits the small red on its left side and is forced to the right along the ground. It rolls until it collides with the blue."
"The green and blue balls drop and the green ball falls on top of the red ball. The green balls rolls off the red ball and into the blue ball on the other side"
"They all fall downward with the lower green and blue hitting the floor first. The red, which is slightly to the left side of the green, hits the green pushing it towards the blue."
"All the balls fall with the blue and green hitting the ground. The red ball above the smaller green lands on the green balls left side which pushes it to the right and makes it collide with the blue ball."
"The red ball falls onto the left side of the green ball, propelling it to the right, and itself to the left. The green ball rolls until colliding with the blue ball. The red moves to the left until very near the left side."
"The balls drop. The red ball hits the blue ball and rolls at the right corner. The blue ball rolls into the green ball and the green ball moves a little."
"The balls fall, with the tiny red ball landing first because it was closest to the ground. The green ball falls and bumps into it, sending the red ball to the left and the green ball to the right. The green ball travels right until it runs into the blue ball that fell."
"All the balls fall down. The green ball lands on the red ball and rolls to the blue ball. The green and blue ball are in the right corner. The red ball is in the left corner."
"All of the balls drop, with the red ball landing first on the ground. The blue ball bumps into it and rolls to the left, and as the green ball reaches the grond, the blue ball rolls to meet it."
"The balls fall down. The red ball rolls to the left on the black bar and falls off onto the purple bar at the center left. The green ball hits the red ball, falls off the black bar, and lands at the right corner on the purple bar."
"The green ball falls on the red balls right side and is propelled to the right. The green ball rolls until touching the blue ball."
"The balls fall, and as they do the blue ball bounces off of the red ball and rolls to the left to touch the green  ball."
"All the balls fall down. The blue ball lands on the red ball and rolls off into the green ball. The red ball is in the right corner. The green and blue ball are in the middle."
"All three balls falls and the red ball lands on top of the green ball.  The red ball rolls off the green ball to the left and pushes the green ball toward the blue ball on the right side."
"The ball drops. The red ball drops straight down. The blue ball rolls left into the green ball on the floor after bouncing off the red ball. They both land at the left corner."
"All the balls fall.  The red ball hits the ground and the green ball falls on top of the red ball and rolls to the right.  The blue ball hits the ground and the green ball rolls into the blue ball."
"The three balls fall and the red ball lands on the ground.  The green ball lands on the red ball and rolls off the right side into the blue ball on the ground."
"The blue ball falls and bumps into the red ball, causing it to roll to the left. The blue ball continues rolling left until it collides with the green ball."
"All the balls drop down. The green ball lands in the left corner. The red ball lands at the center. The blue ball lands on the red ball and rolls over to the right of the green ball."
"They all fall with the red ball reaching the ground first. The blue ball falls the ground and stops. The green ball falls on the larger red now on the ground and is propelled to the right rolling until it touches the blue ball."
"The balls drop down with the green and blue hitting the ground and stopping. The red falls onto the green on the left side propelling the green across the ground until it touches the blue ball."
"When the balls fall, the blue ball bumps the edge of the red ball and begins rolling to the left. It continues rolling until it collides with the green ball."
"All the three balls fall down. The green and red balls land simultaneously at the bottom. The red ball hits the blue ball, lands at the bottom and slides towards the right end. As a result of the impact, the blue ball slides towards left and touches the green ball."
"The red ball is on the bottom. The green ball and the blue ball are fall from the top of the chart to the bottom"
"When the balls drop, the large red ball lands first and the blue ball bumps into it. The blue ball then rolls to the left, and continues rolling until it meets the green ball."
"The red and green balls fall, and the green ball knocks into the red, sending the red to the left and the green to the right. The green keeps traveling until it touches the blue ball."
"All the balls drop, with the large red hitting the ground first. The blue falls to the ground also. The green falls onto the red on the right side which propels it to the right moving until it touches the blue ball."
"As the balls fall, the blue and red knock into each other, sending the blue to the left. The green ball lands on the floor, and the blue ball rolls to meet it until they touch."
"The balls fall. The green ball bounces off the red ball and hits the blue ball at the center. The red ball falls straight down. The blue ball lands at the center."
"The green and blue ball fall, with the green ball landing on the red balls right side. The collision propels it to the right until it runs into the blue ball."
"The green and blue balls fall.  The green ball falls on top of the red ball and rolls off on the right side rolling into the blue ball."
"All three balls drop. The green and blue hit the ground first and are stationary, while the red falls and bumps into the blue ball. THe blue ball rolls and knocks the green ball and they touch."
"The balls drop down, with the red hitting the floor. The blue falls and hits the floor. The green falls on the red's right side and is pushed to the right."
"The balls fall, and the green and blue land apart and at the same time due to their starting positions. The red ball falls and hits the blue ball, knocking it left towards the green ball until they collide."
"The balls fall down. The green ball hits the red ball and moves the blue ball towards the right corner and is to the left of the blue ball. The red ball rolls at the left corner."
"The balls fall and land on the bottom, with the blue ball landing on top of the red ball and rolling off to the left. It continues to roll until it reaches the green ball."
"All three balls fall, the blue and green reach the bottom first. The red then lands on the top left side of the green ball sending the green ball to the right and the red ball to the left. The green ball moves right until it comes to rest touching the blue ball."
"The balls fall with the green and blue hitting the ground. The red ball falls on the left side of the green ball, pushing it to the right, which makes it roll until touching the blue ball."
"All the balls fall down. The red ball lands on the green ball causing it to roll over to the blue ball in the right corner. The right ball rolls into the left corner."
"The green and blue fall, with the blue landing on the tiny red. This causes the blue to roll to the left and collide with the green."
"All the balls drop down. The red ball lands at the center. The blue ball lands at the right corner. The green ball lands on the red ball, rolls over to the right, and rolls to the left of the blue ball."
"All the three balls fall down. The red ball lands at the bottom first. The blue ball too hits the bottom. The green ball hits the red ball, lands at the bottom, bounces towards the right and hits the blue ball. As a result the blue ball slides towards the right end followed by the green ball. As a result of impact with green ball, the red ball moves very slightly towards left."
"The red ball is closest to the ground, so it lands first and the green ball bumps into it. This sends the red ball to the left and the green ball to the right, where it collides with the blue ball that has fallen straight down."
"There is no platform. The green ball is slightly greater than than other two ball. The balls are fall to the bottom from the top. The red ball is fall to the green ball and moves to the left of the green ball"
"The balls drop. The red ball lands on the green ball and rolls at the left corner. The green ball rolls over to the blue ball which are both at the right on the floor."
"The balls lands on the ground. The red ball lands, hits the blue ball, and rolls to the right corner. The blue ball hits the red ball and rolls to the left corner. The green ball is in the corner to the left of the blue ball."
"The balls fall, with the red ball hitting the ground first since it wasn't as high up. The green ball lands on top and falls off to the right, continuing to roll until it meets with the blue ball that fell straight down."
"Both of the balls fall and the green ball hits the black platform first.  the red ball falls onto the green ball and rolls off the right side pushing the green ball to the left and into the purple bar."
"The balls fall. The green ball hits the black bar first and the red ball lands on the green ball.  The red ball rolls off the green ball to the right side and pushes the green ball to the left into the corner of the purple bar."
"Both of the balls fall on the platform and the red ball lands on the green ball.  It rolls off the green ball and pushes it into the right corner touching the purple bar."
"The red ball falls and bumps into the green ball, sending the green ball to the left against the purple wall."
"The red ball falls and hits the green ball, and it rolls to the purple line."
"The large red ball falls onto the green ball, pushing it toward the left side of the wall. The red ball rolls to the right side and the green rolls to the left until touching the purple vertical bar."
"The red ball falls and bumps the green ball. The green ball rolls and touches the purple line."
"The balls fall and the green ball lands on the platform.  The red ball falls onto the green ball and rolls off to the left side pushing the green ball into the right corner touching the purple bar."
"The red ball drops on top of the green ball. The red ball rolls to the left. The green ball roll to the right and gets stuck between the bench and purple bar."
"The balls fall towards the black bar. The green ball lands on the black bar and then the red ball lands on the upper left side of the green ball pushing the green ball to the right and the red ball to the left. The green ball comes to a stop against the purple bar on the right and hanging over the gap at the end of the black bar."
"The green ball lands on the black platform first, and the red ball drops on top of it. The red ball rolls to the left and the green ball rolls ot the right, touching the purple wall on the right side."
"The green ball falls and hits the ground first, but the red ball lands almost on top of it and pushes it to the left. It rolls all the way to the purple wall and makes contact."
"The balls drop, and the red ball lands on the green ball. The red ball rolls off to the left and makes the green ball roll to the right until it touches the  purple wall there."
"The red ball fall from the top. The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. The purple bar in the left side.The red ball fall to the black platform and the green ball moves to the left side and the red ball at the right side.The purple bar at the left side."
"The red ball falls onto the green ball and rolls off to the right side pushing the green ball to the left into the purple bar."
"The red ball falls on the left side of the green ball which propels the green ball to the right and the red ball to the left. The green ball rolls until touching the right vertical purple bar and the red moves lefts until at the left side wall."
"The green  ball falls and bumps the red ball, causing the red ball to roll to the left and the green ball to roll to the right. The green ball continues rolling until it hits the purple wall."
"The black platform is in the middle, and the green ball fall from black platform to the purple platform. The red ball falls from the purple platform to the bottom. The purple platform at the right side"
"The green and red balls fall.  The green ball lands on the platform and the red ball hits the green ball and rolls to the right while pushing the green ball to the left into the purple bar."
"The balls drop, with the green ball landing on the floor and the red ball falling to bump it from above. The green ball rolls to the left after being bumped and touches the purple wall."
"The green and red balls fall.  The red ball falls on top of the green ball and rolls to the right and pushes the green ball to the left into the purple bar."
"The red ball falls and knocks the green ball, causing it to roll to the left and stop at the purple wall, touching it."
"The green ball falls and lands first, and the red ball lands on top of it, but in a way that it pushes the green ball towards hte purple wall."
"The green and red balls fall.  The green ball lands on the platform and the red ball hits the green ball and rolls to the right while pushing the green ball to the left into the purple bar."
"As the balls fall, the red hits the bottom first and then the green knocks it. The red is knocked to the left and the green rolls to the right to touch the purple bar."
"Both of the balls fall.  The green ball hits the black bar and the red ball falls on top of the green ball.  The red ball rolls off the green ball to the right and pushes the green ball left into the purple bar."
"The red ball fall from the top. The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The red ball bounce on the black platform and moves to the left of the green ball. The purple platform in the right side"
"Both red and green ball falls down the black platform where red ball falls over green ball which make both to move. Red ball move to the left side of the wall and green ball moves to the right side of the wall and hits the blue platform."
"The red ball falls and lands on the platform. Because the green ball was a little off-centered, it falls on the red ball and rolls to the left. It continues rolling off the platform and onto the purple floor."
"The green ball is dropped and lands on the left side of the small red ball. This propels it to the left rolling on the platform about twice its width and falling down to the floor rolling to the left about two widths away from the side."
"The green ball drops down onto the red ball, rolls off of it onto the black bar, rolls off that onto the purple bar at the left corner. The red ball rolls to the right a little."
"The green ball falls down and hits the red ball. Both the balls land on the black platform. As a result of the impact, the red ball moves towards right while the green ball moves towards the left. The green ball rolls down the left end of the black platform and hit the purple bar at the bottom."
"The big red ball lands on the black platform and the green ball collides with it, bouncing off to the left. It touches the black platform and continues rolling left, falling off of the platform and landing on the purple floor."
"The balls fall, with the red landing first and the green landing on top of the red. It falls to the left, continues rolling off of the black platform, and lands on the purple ground."
"Both of the balls fall.  the red ball hits the black bar and the green ball falls onto the red ball.  It rolls off the red ball on the right and rolls off the black bar onto the purple bar on the ground."
"The red and green balls fall.  the red ball lands on the black bar and the green ball lands on the red ball.  The green ball rolls off to the right side off the red ball and falls off the black bar onto the purple bar."
"The tiny red ball falls and lands on the black small platform. The green ball falls and lands on top of the red ball- pushing it to the right against the wall, and causing the green  ball to roll to the left. It rolls off of the small black platform and onto the purple floor."
"Both of the balls fall onto the purple bar.  The red ball hits the purple ball first and the green ball falls on top of the red ball and rolls off the purple bar onto the floor on the left side."
"The green and red ball fall onto the black platform.  The green ball rolls off and the red ball stays steady on the black platform."
"The green and the red ball fall from the suspended position onto the black platform.  The red ball rolls offs on the left side and the green ball rolls off from the right side."
"The red and green balls fall and the red ball lands on the platform.  The green ball lands on the red ball and rolls to the right off the platform and onto the purple bar."
"The green and red balls fall.  The red ball lands on the black bar and the green ball falls onto the red ball than rolls off the right side and lands on the purple bar."
"the red and green ball fall.  The red ball lands on the black bar and the green ball falls onto the red ball.  The green ball rolls off to the left side of the red ball onto the purple bar."
"The balls fall downwards, with the red ball hitting the platform first and the green ball landing on the red ball. The landing was not centered, so the green ball rolls off towards the left and continues rolling until it falls off of the black platform and onto the purple goal area."
"Both the ball in the black platform. The green ball are fall down. The green ball are first fall from to purple platform. The purple platform at the bottom."
"The big red ball falls straight down and lands on the black platform, but the green ball bumps into the left side of the red ball, sending the red ball to the right and the green ball to the left. It continues travelling left until it rolls off the platform and onto the purple goal."
"The red and green ball fall. The red ball lands on the black bar and the green ball falls on the red ball.  The green ball rolls to the right pushes the red ball left and the green ball falls off the black bar onto the purple bar."
"The balls falls with the red hitting the black platform first and the green slightly to the right of the red center. The green ball is propelled to the right and falls off the platform landing on the purple ground level platform."
"Both of the balls falls and the red ball falls on the platform first and rolls to the left and the green ball falls on top of the red ball and rolls off the platform to the right and falls on the purple bar."
"The balls drop, both going straight down. The red ball hits the black platform and the green ball hits the red ball slightly on the left, causing it to roll leftwards. It continues rolling until it falls off the black platform through the hole on the right and lands on the purple floor."
"The balls fall. The red ball lands on the platform and the green ball lands on the red ball, and rolls very slowly to the left. It falls off of the black platform and lands on the purple floor, as the large red ball rolls to the right and does the same."
"The green and red ball both fall and hit the  black line. The green ball bounces on the red ball and rolls off to the left, landing on the purple floor."
"The red and green balls fall and the red ball lands on the platform.  The green ball lands on the red ball and rolls to the left off the platform and onto the purple bar."
"The red ball lands on the platform but is soon squished by the green ball, sending the red ball to the left and the green ball to the right. The green ball continues rolling until it's fallen off of the black platform and onto the purple goal floor."
"The tiny red ball falls onto the tiny black platform, and the medium green ball lands on top of it. When landing it shoves the red ball into the left wall, allowing the green ball to roll to the right off of the tiny black platform and onto the purple floor."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball hits the black bar and the green ball falls on top of the red ball and rolls to the left falling off the black bar onto the purple bar."
"The green ball drops down, hits the red ball, lands on the black bar, rolls off that, and lands on the purple bar at the right corner. The red ball moves to the left a little."
"The green ball falls and bounces off of the red ball. The red ball doesn't fall off the platform, but the green ball rolls to the right off of the platform and onto the purple floor."
"There are two general types of collisions in physics: elastic and inelastic. An inelastic collisions occurs when two objects collide and do not bounce away from each other. ... In an elastic collision, both momentum and kinetic energy are conserved"
"The red ball falls and knocks the green straw to the left, causing it to  hit the purple wall. The red ball continues to fall and hit the grey cup, pushing it towards the purple wall and making the green straw maintain contact."
"The red ball falls onto the green bar pushing it to the left. the red ball hits the ground and the green bar is pushed to the left side landing on the purple bar."
"The purple platform is in the right, and the green ball fall from black platform to the purple platform. The red ball falls from the purple platform to the bottom. The purple platform at the right side. The red ball fall from the top to the bottom"
"The red ball drops down, hits the green bar, and rolls on the ground to the center. The green bar moves to the left onto the purple bar."
"The ball drops and knocks the straw to the left, causing it to touch the purple."
"The red balls knocks the green bar and chair. The red ball rolls to the left corner. The green bar lands on the purple bar."
"The red ball drops and hits the green bar. It then rolls at the center right. The green bar and gray stool lean to the left and the green bar leans on the purple bar."
"The red ball drops and knocks the long green straw. The straw tilts to the right and leans against the purple wall. As the red ball continues to fall, it bumps the cup and scoots it closer to the purple wall, making sure the green straw stays in contact."
"The large red ball falls down hitting the green vertical bar. As a result the green bar tilts towards right and touches the purple bar. The red ball slides down the green bar, hits the bottom and moves towards the left end."
"The red ball falls and knocks the obnoxiously long green straw. The straw tilts to the side, knocking the cup off balance, and rests against the purple wall."
"The red ball fall from the top. The red ball fall at the green platform and bounce to the ground. The green slide moves to the purple platform.  The purple platform at the right side. The green platform in the bottom. There is only one red ball. The ball is placed in the bottom."
"The red ball falls and knocks the large green straw to the left. The straw falls to the left and lands on the purple wall."
"The red ball drops on the green bar and rolls to the floor in the right corner. The green bar lands on the purple bar."
"The red ball falls, hits the green bar, and lands on the ground at the center. The green bar lands on the purple bar. The gray stool gets moves a little to the right because of the red ball hitting it."
"The red ball falls and lands on the green bar.  The ball pushes the green bar to the left and hits the purple bar.  The red ball falls on the ground."
"The red ball drops, hits the green bar, and rolls at the center left. The green bar leans onto the purple bar."
"The red ball falls down and hits the green bar. As a result, the green bar tilts towards the right and hits the long purple bar. The red ball slides down the slope created by tilting of the green bar, hits the bottom and moves towards the left end."
"The red ball falls and lands on the green bar.  The ball pushes the green bar to the left and hits the purple bar.  The red ball falls on the ground."
"The red ball knocks the straw, causing it to lean to the left and touch the purple wall."
"The red ball drops and knocks the large green straw. The green straw falls and lands on the purple wall to the right."
"The red ball drops down, hits the green bar, and rolls over to the right corner on the ground. The green bar leans over onto the purple bar with the gray stool leaning towards the left."
"The ball drops, hits the green bar and lands at the center. The green bar and gray stool lean to the left. The green bar lands on the purple bar."
"The red ball drops down, hits the green bar, and rolls onto the floor at the center. The green bar lands on the purple bar."
"The red ball falls and bumps the green straw and grey cup, causing it to topple in the direction of the purple line. The green straw tilts and touches the purple line."
"The red ball falls directly onto the green vertical platform.  It pushes the green platform against the cup and rolls off onto the ground."
"Both green ball and red ball fall down. The red ball lands on the purple platform first, and the red ball falls onto the green ball. The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the purple platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the purple platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The red ball drops and hits the green bar and rolls at the center. The green bar leans on the purple bar."
"The red ball falls onto the top of the green bar's right side, pushing it to the left. It falls left until touching the purple bar."
"The red ball falls onto the green bar and falls down on the left side.  The red ball pushes the green bar over and collides with the purple bar on the right side."
"The red ball falls and knocks the green straw to the right, causing the cup to tip. As the red ball continues it knocks the grey cup, causing it  to move closer to the wall and the green straw to maintain contact with it."
"The red balls drops on the green bar and falls to the right.  pushing the green bar into the purple baron the left side."
"The big red ball falls and knocks the straw in the cup to the left, causing the glass to tip. It then knocks the glass and causes it to lean against the purple wall."
"The red ball falls on the green bar to the left of center. This pushes the green bar and the cup it is within to the right. The green bar leans until touching the purple bar on the right side."
"The red and green balls fall.  The red ball lands on the blue bar and rolls off to the right.  The green ball lands on the red ball and rolls off to the left of the red ball and lands on the blue bar."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball hits the blue platform first and the green ball falls on top of the red ball.  The red ball rolls to the left and the green ball rolls onto the blue bar on the right side."
"The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. There are three balls. The green fall to the bottom and the red ball bounce to the upper ."
"The red and green ball fall.  the red ball lands on the vertical black bar and the green ball lands on the blue bar and rolls to the left.  the red ball falls off the vertical black bar on top of the green ball."
"The red and green balls fall and the red ball falls onto the blue bar and rolls off to the right side.  the green ball falls on the red ball and rolls off the left side of the ball onto the blue bar."
"The balls fall and the red ball lands on the ground first beside the blue bar balanced on the black rock.  The green ball lands on the red ball and rolls to the left onto the blue bar."
"The green and red balls fall.  The red ball lands on the ground and the green ball lands on the blue bar and rolls to the left and sits on the blue bar touching the red ball."
"A green ball comes down, rolls off the red balls and lands in the middle of the blue bar. The blue bar tilts down to the left."
"The green ball falls on the red ball and rolls onto the blue bar at the center. The red ball rolls off the blue bar and stops on the big black bar at the far left. The blue bar points downwards to the left."
"The green ball drops down and lands on the blue bar at the center. The blue bar falls downwards to the left. The red ball gets hit by the green ball and moves to the left a little."
"Red ball is in right side of black platform while green is in blue. When blue platform goes up green ball falls over red ball which cause red ball to hit the right side of the wall.The green ball finally hits the black perpendicular platform and settled before that platform."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball hits the right side of the blue bar and rolls off to the right side.  the green ball falls onto the red ball and rolls off the to the left side onto the blue bar."
"The green ball falls and hits the red ball, which causes the blue line to depress on the black ball fulcrum. The red ball roles away and the green ball remains on the blue line."
"Both balls fall, with the red ball landing inside of the grey cup. The green ball bounces off of it, rolling to the right and landing on the purple floor."
"The green ball lands on the red ball and rolls onto the purple bar at the right corner. The red ball lands on the gray stool. The red ball and gray stool tilt to the left and the red ball touches the left wall."
"The red ball falls and lands inside of the grey cup. It's too big so it seals the entrance. The small green ball falls and glances off the red ball, rolling to the left and pushing the red ball (and cup that it's stuck in) to the right. It leans until the red ball touches the left hand side, and the green ball has continued rolling to the left until it landed on the purple floor."
"The green ball drops on the gray stool and rolls between the red ball and the right wall. The gray stool falls off the red ball at the center. The red ball moves over to the right against the green ball."
"The green ball drops down, hits the red ball, rolls off of it to the left, and lands on the purple bar at the left corner."
"The red ball falls, and on its way it bumps the blue table-like structure. This causes the structure to fall on its side and block the hole between the black lines, trapping the green ball."
"The red ball and the blue jar fall.  the blue jar hits the green ball and falls into the opening the red ball falls on the green ball and rolls to the right pushing the green ball into the blue jar that is stuck in the opening."
"The blue stool falls down, hits the red ball, and rolls over onto the green ball. The green ball rolls to the left a little."
"The cup falls, but the side hits the red ball and causes it to fall sideways. As it falls, it knocks into the green ball."
"When the blue object and red ball falls over the green ball it cause the green ball to move.red ball moves to the right side of the wall"
"The blue stool lands on the red ball and tilts over to the green ball."
"The blue stool falls and hits the red ball. It lands on the green ball."
"The balls fall and the red ball lands on the ground the green ball falls on the slanted black bar and rolls off to the right and lands on the red ball.  The green ball rolls off the red ball to the left and onto the purple bar."
"The tiny green ball falls through the funnel after bouncing on the sides. It falls onto the red ball, but off-center, so it leans to the left and continues rolling until it reaches the purple."
"The green bar falls between the wall black bars, hits the red ball, rolls over the black bar, and lands on the purple bar in the right corner. The red ball falls straight down."
"Both green ball and red ball fall down. The red ball hits the bottom. The green ball hits the left black platform, slides down the opening and hits the red ball. It bounces towards the right, touches the top of the purple bar, slides towards left and lands on the bottom."
"The green bar goes through the black bars' gap. It bounces off the red ball that went to the ground and rolls to the right corner on the purple bar. The red ball rolls to the left in the center."
"Both green ball and red ball fall down. The red ball hits the bottom. The green ball first hits the right platform, then hits the left platform, slides down the opening and hits the red ball. It bounces on top of the purple bar, slides towards left and lands on the bottom."
"The red and green ball fall and the green ball falls onto the slanted bar and rolls off into the opening.  It lands on the red ball that fell on the floor and rolls off to the left onto the purple bar."
"Both the green ball and red ball fall down. The red ball hits the slanting right black bar while the green ball hits the red ball. Both the balls fall through the opening in the V shaped black bars and hit the bottom. The red ball moves towards the left end while the green ball bounces on top of the purple bar on the right, rolls over it and moves towards extreme right end."
"The red and green ball fall. The red ball lands on the black bar and the green ball lands on top of the red ball.  the green ball rolls off the right side of ball and falls onto the purple bar.  The red ball rolls down the black bar and gets wedged in between the green ball and slanted black bar."
"Both the green and red ball fall.  the red ball hits the ground first and the green ball falls on top of the red ball.  The green ball rolls off the red ball to the right onto the purple bar."
"The green and red balls fall down through the black bars on the top. The red ball goes to the left when it lands. The green ball goes to the right and lands on the black bar and stops on the purple bar."
"The green ball falls through the hole in the funnel after bouncing on the sides. The sides cause it to fall at a slight angle, hitting the red ball on the ball's left. The green ball then rolls to the left until it reaches the purple area."
"The balls fall and the red ball lands on the ground.  The green ball falls onto the slanted black bar and rolls off to the right and lands on the red ball.  The green ball than falls off to the right side of the red ball and lands on the purple bar."
"The balls fall and the red ball hits the ground.  The green ball falls on the red ball and rolls off on the right side landing on the purple bar."
"The red ball and green ball both fall, with the red ball landing on the ground and the green ball falling through the funnel after bouncing on the sides. When it falls it lands on the red ball, a little off-center, so it rolls off to the right. It continues rolling until it reaches the purple area on the far right."
"Both of the balls fall and the red ball hits the ground first.  the green ball falls onto the red ball and rolls off to the left rolling over the purple bar on the ground."
"The black platform is in the left and right side, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. The purple bar in the left side.Both the ball are fall from the black platform to the bottom of the black platform."
"Both the green and red ball fall.  the red ball hits the ground and the green ball falls on top of the red ball than proceeds to roll off on the right side onto the purple bar."
"The green ball drops down the funnel, hitting the right slide slightly which causes it to bump the red ball. The small green b all bounces off of the large red ball and rolls to the right, landing on the purple pad."
"The tiny green ball falls through the funnel after bouncing on the entrance. It lands on the left side of the red ball, causing the ball to bounce towards the left and continue rolling until it reaches the purple area."
"The tiny green ball falls through the funnel and bumps into the red ball that has just ended up on the ground. The green  ball rolls off to the left and continues rolling/bouncing until it reaches the purple area."
"The balls drop from the air. The green ball drops on the right black bar, rolls through the gap, lands on the red ball, rolls to the right onto the black bar and purple bar in the right corner. The red ball lands at the center on the ground on the big black bar."
"Both of the balls fall.  The red ball hits the ground first. the green ball falls through the opening in the black bars and lands on the red ball.  It rolls off to the left side onto the purple bar."
"The red ball falls, landing on the last step, rolling to the right, and leaning against the right wall. The tiny green ball falls, lands on the black step, rolls to the left and is stopped from progressing by the red ball. It falls straight down into the purple cup."
"The balls fall, and the red ball lands on the last stair. The green ball lands on top of it, and then rolls slightly to the left. It falls off of the black stair and into the purple cup beneath."
"The red ball falls down. As a result, the green bar is knocked off from its position. The red ball slides down the slope of the falling green bar, hits the short black bar and slides towards right. The falling green bar touches the purple bar at the bottom and tilts towards the left end."
"The red ball falls directly onto the green bar, causing the green bar to lean to the right and topple. It collides with the right wall before falling into the purple area."
"The red ball hits the green bar and lands on the smaller black bar. The green bar falls down and lands on the purple bar at the left corner."
"The red ball falls directly onto the green line, causing it to fall to the right and topple off the black platform. It lands on the purple floor."
"The red ball falls onto the platform and rolls to the right knocking the green bar off the platform and onto the purple bar."
"The red ball drops down, hits the green bar, and left at the center of the smaller black bar. The green bar falls onto the purple bar at the left corner."
"The red ball fall to the black platform. The black platform attached wit the green platform. The green platform fall from black to purple platform. The purple platform at the bottom"
"The red ball knocks over the green bar. The red ball rolls a little to the left. The green bar lands in the right corner on the purple bar."
"The red and green ball fall. The red ball lands on the black bar and the green ball lands on top of the red ball.  the green ball rolls off the right side of ball and falls onto the purple bar.  The red ball rolls down the black bar and gets wedged in between the green ball and slanted black bar."
"The green ball lands on the red ball. The red ball pushes the green ball into the purple bar. The red ball gets stuck with the green ball to the left of it between the end of the bars."
"The balls land on the black ramp and roll down. The green ball is first to exit and land on the purple ramp, but when the red ball exits the black ramp it lands on the green ball, trapping both of them."
"The green ball falls on top the the red ball, bounces over it and hits the downward slope of the long platform. It races downwards and hits the upper end of the shorter black platform towards extreme right. As a result of impact of the green ball, the red ball too hits the downward slope of the long platform and moves after the green ball. The red ball hits the green ball when the latter has touched the upper slope of the shorter platform. Both balls attempt to move downwards the slope of the right platform but get stuck in the opening between the two platforms as the opening is slightly lesser the combined diameters of both the balls."
"The red ball lands on the black bar, rolls to the right, and gets stuck to the left of the green ball. The green ball lands on the black bar, rolls onto the purple bar, and gets stuck under the red ball."
"The balls fall, with the small green ball landing on the purple platform and sliding down. However, the large red ball landed on the black platform and also slides down, landing on top of the green ball and trapping it in the space between platforms so that it maintains contact with the purple platform."
"Both green ball and red ball fall down. The green ball hits the red ball and races ahead of it to reach the extreme right end of the purple bar. The red ball too slides downwards the slope of the long black bar and hits the green ball. Both the balls are unable to slide down as they get stuck in the opening between the two bars."
"When green ball falls over red ball in the black platform it made red ball to move.Green ball falls over the blue platform after hitting the red ball.Then red ball move and falls over the red ball in the blue platform"
"The green ball lands on the black bar. The red ball lands on the purple bar. The red ball gets hit by the green ball and lands on the floor. The green bar lands on the purple bar."
"The balls drop. The red ball lands on the black bar, rolls off of it onto the purple bar, and rolls onto the floor at the center. The green ball hits the red ball, lands on the purple bar, and rolls onto the leftside of the purple bar."
"The balls fall, with the red ball colliding with the black ramp and the green ball colliding with the red ball. both balls start to fall to the left, with the green ball rolling onto the purple ramp first. As the red ball rolls off the black ramp, it traps the green ball making contact with the purple ramp and they are stuck in the opening to the funnel."
"Both balls roll down their respective ramps, but the green ball briefly lands on the red ball as it continues down the ramp, causing it to slow as it lands."
"The balls drop and the red ball gets stuck in the gap between the ramps. The green ball rolls down the long black ramp, over the red ball, and into the small space between the red ball and the wall, making contact with the purple ramp."
"The balls drop, and the green ball is furthest to the right so it rolls off of the black ramp the quickest. The red ball is close behind, and as the green ball touches the purple ramp and begins to roll back down, the red ball rolls off of the black ramp and traps it. They are both trapped in the gap between ramps with the green ball touching the purple ramp."
"The red ball rolls off the black bar and hits the green ball. The green ball lands on the purple bar to the right of the red ball."
"The balls fall with the larger red hitting the platform first, while the green hits the red on the right side and moves to the left down the slope. It falls on the sloped purple platform. While rolling to the left the larger red ball falls downward and the two get wedged between the two platforms."
"The red ball lands on the black ramp first and begins rolling down. The green ball falls and bumps it, rolling to the right and connecting with the purple ramp. As it begins to roll down the ramp, the red ball falls off of the black ramp and pins the green ball in contact with the purple ramp."
"The balls fall, with the red ball hitting the small black ramp. The green ball hits the red ball and rolls to the left, but the red ball also rolls to the left. As the green ball lands on the purple ramp and rolls downwards, the red ball rolls to the left and traps it."
"The red ball rolls down its small purple ramp and gets stuck against the long black ramp that the green ball is traveling on. As the green ball reaches the end of the ramp, it rolls over the red ball and drops into a small crevice to touch the purple ramp."
"The balls fall. The red ball lands on the black ramp, and the green ball lands on top of it. This causes both balls to roll to the left, with the green ball landing on the purple ramp first, and the red ball rolling on top of it to hold it in place."
"The red and green ball fall.  The green ball hits the black bar first and rolls to the right and the red ball rolls after the green ball to the right.  The green ball rolls down the purple bar and the red ball contacts the green ball and gets on top of the green ball in between the black bar and purple bar opening."
"The balls drop. The red ball lands on the black bar and rolls to the right wall and gets stuck. The green ball lands on the black bar and gets stuck between the red ball and purple bar."
"The red ball lands on the ramp and begins to roll down, causing the green ball to land on top of the red and also move to the right. It lands on the purple ramp first and begins to roll back down to the left, but the large red ball reaches the end of the black ramp and lands on top of it, effectively trapping it and maintaining contact with the purple ramp."
"The red ball lands on the black ramp first, and the green ball bumps it. The green ball is pushed to the right, above the purple ramp, but the red ball rolls down the black ramp at the same time the green ball is landing, and they trap each other."
"The balls fall and being lower, the red hits the black platform. The green collides with the red ball and is propelled to the right side. The green ball lands on the purple platform and stops. The red ball rolls downward and stops before falling off the platform."
"The red ball are fall down. The red ball and the green ball are first fall from black platform to purple platform. The red ball fall down on the left side."
"Both green ball and red ball fall down. The green ball hits the red ball. It bounces on top of the long black bar, races down the slope and reaches the extreme right end of the shorter purple bar. The red ball too slides down the slope of the longer bar after the green ball. The red ball hits the green ball when the latter is on the extreme right end of the shorter bar. Both the balls attempt to move down the slope of the shorter purple bar but get stuck in the opening between the two bars as the combined diameter of the two balls is slightly larger than the size of the opening."
"The red ball falls on the black bar, rolls onto the green ball and gets stuck. The green ball gets hit by the green ball as it goes down, rolls onto the purple bar, and gets stuck under the red ball."
"The red and green ball fall. The red ball lands on the black bar and the green ball lands on top of the red ball.  the green ball rolls off the right side of ball and falls onto the purple bar.  The red ball rolls down the black bar and gets wedged in between the green ball and slanted black bar."
"The balls drop, and the red ball touches the black ramp first. It begins to slide down as the green ball bumps into the red ball, making the green  ball go to the right onto the purple ramp. As the green ball begins to go down the ramp, the red ball lands on top of it and traps it."
"The balls fall, and the green ball bumps the right side of the red ball, causing it to roll more to the left. Both balls hit the black ramp and roll left. The green ball exits the black ramp first, and is on the purple ramp when the red ball exits and pins it in place."
"The green and red balls fall down. The green ball lands on the red ball and on to the purple bar. The red ball lands on the purple bar and gets stuck between the bars."
"Both the green and red balls fall and the red ball lands on the slanted black bar.  The green ball falls on top of the red ball and rolls to the right side and lands on the purple bar beneath.  The red ball rolls down the slant and becomes pinned in between the green ball and the black slanted bar."
"The green ball lands on the black bar and lands on the purple bar to the right of the red ball. The red ball gets stuck between the bars."
"The black platform is in the middle, and the green ball fall from black platform to the purple platform. The red ball falls from the purple platform to the bottom. The purple platform at the right side"
"The balls fall, with the green ball landing downhill from the red ball and rolling off of the black ramp and onto the purple ramp. However, as it begins to travel back down the purple ramp, the red ball catches up and rolls off the black ramp, pinning the green ball underneath it on the purple ramp."
"The red ball and the green ball fall from the black platform to the purple platform.The black platform is in the left.The red ball is slightly greater than the green ball. The red ball and green ball on the purple platform. The purple platform at the right side. The green ball moves over the green ball and placed in the back forth of the red ball"
"The balls land on the black bar. They roll onto the purple bar. The red ball lands on top of the green ball."
"Both balls are fall down from black platform to purple platform. The purple platform at the right side.The black platform at the left side."
"The green and red ball fall down. The green ball lands on the red ball. They both roll onto the purple bar with the red ball on the left."
"The balls fall and the red ball hits the black bar first and the green ball falls on top of the red ball rolling off to the right and lands on the purple bar.  the red ball falls on the green ball after and hits the ground."
"The red ball rolls off the black bar and hits the green ball. The green ball lands on the purple bar and under the red ball."
"The red and green balls fall.  The red ball lands on the slanted bar and the green ball lands on the red ball and rolls to the right onto the purple bar.  The red ball rolls down the slanted bar to the right and becomes pinned in between the green ball and the black slanted bar."
"The balls drop and land on the black ramp and roll down towards the purple. The green arrives at the purple first, but as the red ball falls off the black ramp, it pins the green ball in contact with the purple ramp and they are both trapped in the gap between ramps."
"The balls drop, with the green ball on the right landing further down the black ramp than the red ball. The green ball rolls off of the black ramp and onto the purple ramp, but as it starts to roll backwards, it is trapped by the red ball rolling off the ramp and landing on it. Thus it maintains contact with the purple ramp."
"The red ball lands on the bottom row of black balls. The green ball goes through the black balls, hits the red balls, and rolls to the left center on the purple bar."
"The red ball falls and gets stuck on two black dots. The green ball continues to fall, bounces on the red dot, and rolls to the left to drop between to spaced black dots and land on the purple."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball gets stuck in between two black rocks.  The green ball falls through the black rocks and lands on the red ball.  It than rolls off the red ball to the right through the black rocks bottom and onto the purple bar."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball falls in between two rocks and gets stuck.  The green ball falls onto the red ball and rolls to the left through the black rocks and onto the purple bar."
"The red ball falls and gets stuck between two dots. The green ball hits it and rolls to the left, falling between an opening in two dots and falling again between another opening to land on the bottom purple line."
"The red ball gets stuck between two black dots, and the green ball rolls over it, falling through several other black dots before finally landing on the bottom purple."
"Both green ball and red ball fall down. The green ball hits the red ball and slides downward the slopes created by the black spots. It touches the purple bar at the bottom. The red ball gets stuck between two black spots."
"The red ball falls and fills the opening on the left side of the rocks.  The green ball falls onto the red ball and rolls off to the right and slips through the rocks to fall on the purple bar on the ground."
"The green ball fall to the bottom.There are lot of black spots and the purple platform in the bottom. There are two balls. The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball."
"The red ball gets stuck on the black dots, and the green ball lands on top of the red ball. It falls off the to right, bouncing on a couple stray black balls, and eventually rolling off and falling onto the purple floor."
"The green ball lands on the red ball and rolls over onto the purple bar. The red ball lands in the left corner."
"The tiny green ball falls and bumps against the large red ball. The red ball can't go anywhere, so the green ball ends up rolling off towards the left. It travels over the wall that is trapping the red ball and continues rolling until it reaches the purple area."
"The red ball and the green ball are fall from the top and bounce in the black platform and the green ball jumps into the purple platform. The black platform at the center and the bottom. The purple platform at the right side. The red ball is slightly greater than the green ball. Both the balls are placed at the ground. The green ball moves to the right side of the red ball."
"The red ball and green ball drop.  The green ball falls onto the red ball and rolls off over the black platform attached to the bottom of the ground."
"The red ball gets stuck in the cubby and the green ball falls and hits it. It rolls to the left, dropping on the black floor and continuing to roll to the left until it lands on the purple surface."
"The red ball falls all the way into the cubby as the green ball is falling. The green ball lands between the red ball and the short black wall of the cubby and rolls to the left, over the short wall, through the split wall, and continues rolling until it reaches the purple floor."
"The green ball drops on the red ball, rolls over the black bar, lands on the floor black bar, and rolls onto the purple bar at the center left. The red ball moves a little."
"The red ball stays in the cubby as the green ball falls on top and rolls off to the left. It rolls over the small black wall of the cubby area and continues rolling left until it's reached the purple goal area."
"The red ball falls securely into the cubby, and the tiny green ball lands on top. It's not centered, though, and rolls to the left. It lands on top of the cubby's side, and continues rolling until it reaches the purple floor on the left."
"The green ball drops, hits the red ball and standing black bar, and rolls onto the purple bar at the right corner."
"The red ball falls into the cubby and the green ball falls on top of it, rolling to the left. It rolls over the short black wall of the split wall/cubby, and continues rolling to a stop on the purple floor."
"The balls fall, and the green ball glances leftwards off of the large red ball to knock into the small black wall of the cubby. It continues to roll left until it lands on the purple floor."
"The green ball falls down on top of the red ball. As a result, the red ball moves towards left. It get stuck on top of the short black bar as the space between the left end and the short bar is narrower than its diameter. The green ball bounces towards right, lands on the purple bar and moves towards right."
"The red ball falls and settles into the cubby, and the green ball bounces on the red ball as it falls. It rolls slightly to the left, touching the small black wall of the cubby, and continues rolling to the left until it settles on the purple floor."
"The green ball lands on the red ball and standing floor black bar and rolls into the right corner on the purple bar. The red ball rolls a little to the left."
"Both green ball and red ball fall down. The green ball hits the red ball. The red ball hits the short black bar, moves towards left and lands on the purple bar while moving towards the left end. As a result of impact with the red ball, the green balls moves towards the right, hits the shorter black bar, bounces on the purple bar at the bottom and slides towards the right."
"The balls fall, with the red ball getting trapped in the cubby and the green ball bouncing against it. The green ball rolls off to the left, over the split black wall, and onto the purple floor."
"the red and green ball fall. The green ball falls on top of the red ball and rolls right off the ball and over the black vertical bar onto the purple bar."
"The red and green balls fall.  The red ball hits the ground and the green ball falls on top of the red ball.  The green ball rolls off to the right side of the red ball over top of the black bar and onto the purple bar."
"The green ball falls and bounces off of the red ball. It rolls to the left, over the small black line of the cubby and continues rolling until it reaches the purple floor."
"The green ball falls and bounces off the red ball and black short line. It then rolls off and onto the purple line."
"The red ball and green ball fall and the red ball falls into the space between the vertical platform and the wall.  The green ball falls on top of the red ball and rolls to the left over the platform and falls on the purple bar."
"The large red ball falls, hitting the split wall and rolling to the left. The small green ball falls on top of it, staying in place until it hits the black wall, and then rolling to the right. It continues rolling until it lands on the purple floor."
"The small green ball falls and collides with the large red ball in the cubby, causing it to roll to the left. It bounces off the small black wall of the cubby and continues rolling until it reaches the purple floor."
"Both of the balls fall and the red ball falls onto the ground and touches the black platform.  The green ball falls onto the red ball and rolls off on the right side over the black platform and falls onto the purple bar."
"The tiny green ball falls and bounces off of the large red ball, resting in the black cubby. It rolls to the left, touching the black split wall of the dubby and then continuing to roll until it touches the purple floor on the right."
"The green ball falls and bumps into the red ball, sending the green ball to the left over the short cubby wall. It falls under the split black wall and continues rolling to the left until ti reaches the purple goal area."
"The balls fall, and the large red ball lands in the cubby. The small green ball hits it and jumps to the right, landing on the split black wall of the cubby and continues rolling to the right until it lands on the purple floor."
"The red and green balls fall.  The red ball hits the ground on the left side of the black bar.  The green ball falls onto the red ball and rolls to the right over the black bar and onto the purple bar."
"The red ball lands in the cubby and the green ball lands on top and a little to the right, sending the green ball right. It rolls over the short black wall of the cage and onto the floor, where it keeps rolling right towards the purple goal."
"The balls fall and the red gets situated in the cubby while the green lands on top of it. Because it wasn't perfectly centered it rolls to the left, over the edge of the cubby and into the purple goal area."
"The red ball falls, bumps the small bar, and rolls to the left. At the same time, the tiny green ball hits the red ball and falls the other way, to the right. The red ball falls into a cubby of sorts and the green ball rolls into the purple area after bouncing on the wall itself."
"The balls fall down. The green ball rolls off the red ball, hits the standing floor black bar, rolls over to the left corner on the purple bar. The red ball drops down and rolls on the floor black bar at the right corner."
"The red ball fall from the top. The black platform is in the bottom, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the red ball. The green ball was placed in the black platform. The purple bar in the left side.The red ball fall to the black platform and the green ball moves to the left side and the red ball at the right side.The purple bar at the bottom."
"The green ball falls and pumps the red ball, sending the green ball to the left. It lands on the short black wall of the cubby, and continues rolling to the left until it reaches the purple floor."
"The red ball falls into the caged area, and the green ball lands on top. Because there's nowhere for the red ball to go, the green ball rolls to the left. It lands on the side of the cage and continues on until it reaches the purple area."
"The red and green balls fall.  the red ball gets wedged in between the black bar and the wall.  the green ball falls on top of the red ball and rolls off on the right side and lands on the purple bar."
"The red and green balls fall.  The red ball lands on the ground and the green ball lands on the red ball and rolls to the right over the black vertical bar and lands on the purple bar."
"The balls fall, with the red landing in the cubby and the green bumping into it. The bump causes the green to roll to the left, over the wall of the cubby and into the purple goal area."
"The red and green balls fall.  The red ball falls on the left side of the black bar.  the green ball falls on the red ball and rolls to the right over the black bar onto the purple bar."
"The balls fall, with the red ball on the bottom. The red ball lands on the black split wall of the cubby and the green ball bounces off of the red ball at the same time. The red ball rolls to the left into the cubby, and the green ball rolls to the right. It hits the black wall of the split area and continues rolling left until it reaches the purple."
"Both green ball and red ball fall down. The green ball hits the red ball, bounces off the short black bar, touches the purple bar and slides towards the left end."
"The red ball sits in its cubby and the green ball lands on top, just a little off-centered favoring the right. This causes it to roll off, above the side of the cubby, and continue rolling until it reaches the purple area."
"The green ball falls and lands on top of the red ball in the cubby. It falls off to the left and continues rolling over the wall and into the purple area."
"The red and green balls fall.  The red ball lands on the ground and the green ball lands on the red ball and rolls to the right over the black vertical bar."
"The red ball lands on the ground in the left corner. The green ball lands on the red ball and rolls onto the purple bar."
"The green ball falls and bumps into the red ball, sending the green ball to the left over the small black wall of the cubby. It touches the wall an continues rolling left until it reaches the purple floor on the left side."
"The red ball drops and knocks the green ball off of the platform. It rolls to the left and lands on the purple line."
"The red ball falls onto the green ball on the platform and it rolls off onto the right side and the green ball rolls off the platform onto the left side and falls on the purple bar."
"The red ball lands on the green ball. The green ball rolls to the left onto the purple bar."
"The red ball falls down and hits the green ball. It bounces towards the right of the platform and lands on the purple bar. It slightly slides towards right. As a result of the impact with the red ball, the green ball moves to the right of the platform, falls down, lands on the purple bar and moves towards left."
"The large red ball drops and hits the green ball on its right side which propels it to the left. The green ball falls down onto the purple bar along with the red ball."
"The red ball falls and knocks the green  ball off of the small platform. The green ball then rolls to the left and lands on the purple line."
"The red ball falls, lands on the green ball, rolls over to the right, and lands on the purple bar at the right corner. The green ball rolls off the black bar onto the purple bar at the center left."
"The red ball falls and knocks the green ball off of its curved black platform and to the left. It rolls leftwards and continues falling until it lands on the purple floor, as the red ball rolls to the right and does the same."
"The red ball falls and knocks the green ball off and to the left. It rolls off of the platform and lands on the purple floor."
"The red ball falls and knocks the green ball off of the curved black platform to the left. It rolls, falls, and lands on the purple surface."
"The red ball is dropped and it moves downward until hitting the green ball resting on the platform. The red ball is propelled to the right and the green to the left. They both fall to the ground below."
"The large red ball falls and knocks the green ball to the left, and it rolls off and lands on the purple floor."
"The red ball falls onto the slanted black bar and rolls of the bar to the left.  The red ball rolls into the grey bar and knocks the green ball off to the left and the green ball lands on the purple bar."
"All three balls fall.  The grey ball lands on the purple bar the red ball lands on the grey ball and the green ball lands on the red ball.  The red ball rolls to the left off the purple bar and the green ball rolls down on the purple bar pushing the grey ball over."
"The red ball falls down first, followed by the grey ball, and they both are side by side on the platform. When the green ball falls, it lands in between them, pushing them to the side and resting on the purple platform."
"The balls drop and the red ball slides down the diagonal lines at the same time the green ball is falling. The red ball knocks the green ball through the opening in the split wall, and it travels over the grey ball to land on the purple floor."
"The red ball rolls down, hits the green ball, and lands to the left of the floor black bar. The green ball falls down, gets hits by the red ball, and land at the bottom right on the purple bar. The gray bar falls straight down and lands on the purple bar."
"The red ball rolls to the right and hits the green ball as it comes down. The red ball lands to the left of the bottom black bar. The green ball rolls into the right corner on the purple bar. The gray ball drops down and lands to the right of the floor black bar."
"The balls drop. The gray ball drops straight down onto the purple bar. The green bar bounces off the red bar and lands on the purple bar at the right corner. The red ball rolls off the row bar and to the left of the floor black bar."
"The balls fall and the green ball collides with the red ball and rolls into the opening of the black bars. the grey ball hits the purple bar and the green ball falls on top o fthe grey ball and rolls off on the right side."
"The green ball drops, but the red ball also rolls down its diagonal line and bumps it. This sends the green ball through the split opening, bouncing on the black bar, until it bounces over the grey ball and lands on the purple floor."
"The green ball begins to fall but is interrupted by the red ball as it rolls down the diagonal. They collide and it sends the green ball through the opening in the split wall to fall down into the purple area."
"The red ball falls down, rolls over to the left of the floor black bar. The green ball hits the red ball and lands on the purple bar at the right corner. The gray ball drops straight down on the purple bar."
"The ball are fall from the top to the bottom. The black platform are many, with a distance to the right wall slightly larger than the size of the grey ball. The green ball was placed in the purple platform. The purple bar in the right side."
"The green ball falls and hits red ball that is rolling off the slanted platform.  The green ball falls through the opening in the bar and lands on the grey ball and rolls off to the right side onto the purple bar."
"The grey and green balls begin to fall, but as they do the red ball rolls towards the green ball and bumps it. The green ball then collides with a wall and bounces over the grey ball to land on the purple line."
"The balls drop, and the red ball rolls to collide with the green ball. The green ball is knocked into the split wall, and bounces to the right. It lands over the grey ball and onto the purple floor."
"The green ball falls, but the red ball also rides down the diagonal ramp and they collide. This knocks the green ball left through the split in the wall, over the grey ball, and the green ball lands on the purple floor."
"All the balls falls and the red ball rolls off the slanted black bar.  it hits the green ball and pushes it through the opening of the vertical black bars.  The grey ball hits the ground first and the green ball lands on top of the grey ball and rolls to the right landing on the purple bar."
"The balls drop. The gray ball drops straight down onto the purple bar. The green ball bounces off the red ball and lands in the right corner on the purple bar. The red ball rolls off the row of black bar towards the left of the floor black bar."
"All the balls fall. The red ball rolls off the slanted bar.  the green ball lands on the 1st slanted bar and rolls off hitting the red ball and pushing the red ball through the opening to the right side of the vertical bars.  The green ball proceedes to land on the grey ball and rolls off to the right landing on the purple bar."
"All the balls fall down. The green ball goes through the black bars' gap and lands on the purple bar. The green ball hits the balls and causes them to roll. The gray ball rolls left and the red ball rolls right. Both are on the black bars."
"All the balls fall.  The red ball hits the right side of the black bar and the grey ball lands on the red ball and rolls onto the left side of the opening the green ball hits the grey ball and falls through the opening and onto the purple bar beneath the black bars."
"All the balls fall and the red ball hits the black platform first.  the grey ball falls onto the red ball and rolls to the right on the platform.  The red ball falls through the opening and touches the purple ball and the green ball falls through the opening as well."
"All the balls fall down. The green ball goes through the black bars gap and lands on the purple bar. The green ball hits the other two balls. The red ball rolls to the left. The gray ball rolls to the right. They both are on the black bars."
"The red ball slides through the hole relatively easily, but it knocks the grey ball out of the way in the process. The green ball falls and just barely slides through the opening to reach the purple floor."
"All the balls drop down. The green ball lands in the middle of the other two balls, through the wall black bars' gap, and onto the purple bar at the center. The gray ball hits the red ball and rolls at the center left of the left wall black bar. The red ball rolls onto the right wall black bar at the center right."
"As all the balls fall, the red ball hits the black bar first, the gray ball then hits the red ball pushing the red ball slightly to the right and the gray ball moves left on the black bar. The green ball then lands on the gray ball then the red ball almost simultaneously pushing them farther apart and centering the green ball over the gap. The green ball then falls through the gap and lands on the purple bar."
"The green ball drops and hits the gray ball, goes between the black bars' gap, and lands on the purple bar at the center. The red bar moves to the left a little. The gray ball rolls to the right wall on the right black bar."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball lands on the vertical black bar.  The green ball lands on the red ball and rolls to the right over the vertical black bar onto the purple bar."
"The red ball falls through the hole without issue, but the grey ball isn't centered enough. The green ball falls and pushes the grey ball out of the way, allowing it to fall through. Both the red and green land on the purple floor."
"The red and green ball fall.  The green ball lands on the horizontal black bar.  The red ball lands on the green ball.  The red ball rolls off to the right on the black bar and than rolls off the black bar onto the purple bar.  The green ball is pushed off to the left of the black bar onto the purple bar"
"All the balls fall.  The red ball lands near the opening and the grey ball lands on top of the red ball.  The red ball goes through the opening and the grey ball is pushed to the right onto the black bar.  The green ball falls through the opening."
"The larger red ball falls and is slightly off center from the green ball, which pushes the green ball to the left. It rolls off the platform and lands on the purple floor."
"Red ball flies above green ball on the black bar. Red ball touches green ball. Green ball is falling down to purple bar."
"The grey and green balls fall.  The grey ball lands on the red ball and rolls onto the left horizontal bar.  The green ball falls into the opening on the purple bar and the red ball falls through the opening as well onto the purple bar."
"The red ball falls and lands on the green balls right side. The green ball is pushed to the left which then falls over the black platform and lands on the purple floor."
"The green ball splits both balls, squeaking through the opening and hitting the purple bar. The red and grey balls separate and hit the sides of the black bar."
"When the red ball drops it hits the right edge of the blue ball. The red ball bounces off the blue ball to the right and lands on the ground, rolling to the right edge. The blue ball is pushed slowly left. It rolls off the platform, lands on the ground, and rolls to the left edge."
"The red and grey balls both try to fit through the hole, but its only big enough for the red to fall through and the grey rolls to the left after bumping into the red. The green bounces on both sides of the opening but eventually falls through, and both the green and red rest on the purple floor."
"The red ball falls. The red ball hits the green ball. The green ball rolls onto the bottom. The red ball rolls to the bottom from the right"
"The green ball falls and pushes the grey and red ball apart, then falls directly through the hole in the floor to the purple goal subfloor."
"The red ball falls. The red ball hits the black bar and falls to the bottom. The green ball rolls off the left side and then goes to the bottom."
"The grey and green balls fall.  The grey ball lands on the red ball and rolls onto the left horizontal bar.  The green ball falls into the opening on the purple bar and the red ball rolls onto the left black bar."
"The red ball drops and lands on the very right edge of the platform. It bounces off the edge and lands on the ground near the rightmost side. The blue ball rolls to the left from the force of the red ball's fall. It falls off the platform and lands on the ground near the left edge."
"Red ball fly on the top of green ball that's located on black bar. Once red ball touch green ball, both balls fall to the ground, green ball slide to the most left while red ball slide to the most right."
"The grey and red balls shift slightly and end up on either side of the platforms with the grey on the left and the red on the right. The green ball falls between them and after bouncing off of both balls and pushing them side, falls directly through the opening between platforms to land on the purple goal."
"The large red ball falls and knocks the green ball to the left. It rolls off of the platform and onto the purple floor."
"The red ball drops on the greens right side, pushing it to the left. It falls onto the purple platform on the ground along with the red ball."
"Both the green, gray and red balls begin to fall down. As the red ball falls, the green ball falls on top of it causing the green ball to jump over the small border line and jump over the gray ball to fall on the right side of the purple line."
"The balls fall, and the red ball rolls down the diagonal line at the same time the green ball is falling. The red ball bumps the green ball through the hole in the wall, sending it over the grey ball to land on the purple floor."
"The red ball falls over the green ball causing the green ball to roll over to the left side of the purple platform and the red ball to fall over to the right side of the purple platform."
"The red ball falls down. The red ball hits the green ball. The green ball rolls off the black bar. The green ball goes to the bottom."
"The grey and green balls both fall. The red ball falls and rolls to the left. The grey and red balls bounce off each other."
"The red ball fell onto the green ball. The green ball rolls off to the left. The balls to down to the bottom"
"The red ball falls straight down. The green ball rolls off the left side of the bar. The green ball hits the bottom and rolls to the left."
"The red ball is dropped and hits the green ball on it's right side. The collision causes the green ball to roll left off the black platform and come to rest on the purple platform below."
"The large red ball falls and knocks the green ball off of the platform to the left. It rolls off of the platform and directly onto the purple goal floor."
"The green ball falls and the red one rolls down the slope and they meet up at the same time. The red momentum forces the green ball through the small entry and onto the floor of purple platform."
"All the balls fall. The red ball rolls off the slanted bar.  the red ball lands on the 1st slanted bar and rolls off hitting the green ball and pushing the green ball through the opening to the right side of the vertical bars.  The green ball proceeds to land on the grey ball and rolls off to the right landing on the purple bar."
"The red and green ball fall.  The green ball lands on the black bar and the red ball lands on the green bar.  The red ball rolls off the green ball to the right and the green ball is pushed to the left and lands on the purple bar."
"The green ball falls and the red ball rolls, and they collide in the vertical path. this forces the green ball through the small opening between sides and the green lands on the purple platform."
"The green ball drops down while the red ball rolls down the slope. They meet at the same time which pushes the green to the right and through the small passage to the right side. The green ball lands on the purple platform."
"The red ball is dropped and hits the right edge of the platform. It bounces to the ground below and after it lands in the right lower corner it rolls just a bt left. Meanwhile, the blue ball slowly rolls left and off the left edge of the platform to the ground beneath it."
"The green ball falls down and the red rolls into the path. They collide and the green is pushed to the right and bounced off the vertical black divider below the gap. The green ball continues going right and lands on the purple platfrom."
"The red ball is dropped and makes contact with the right edge of the blue ball. The red ball bounces and ends up in the right corner on the ground. The blue ball is pushed off the left edge of the platform and to the ground below."
"Red ball touching green ball located on black bar. Red ball slide green ball to fall on to purple bar."
"As the balls fall, the red ball rolls down the ramp to the right and collides with the green ball that is falling straight down. The red ball bumps the green ball to the right, through the opening in the wall. The green ball continues falling over the grey ball and lands in the purple goal area."
"The green and red balls are dropped down the diagonal platforms at the same time. The red ball hits the green ball and causes it to move right between the opening of the black platforms. It comes to rest on the purple platform."
"When the red ball is dropped, it makes contact with the right side of the blue ball. The blue ball rolls off the platform and to the corner on the ground. The red ball bounces and drops to the ground. When it reaches the left corner, it rolls slightly back to the right."
"The red ball falls on top of the green ball.  The red ball rolls off to the right and pushes the green ball off to the left.  Both of the balls land on the purple bar."
"The red ball falls above the green ball causing the green ball to roll left onto the middle of the purple platform. The red ball rolls over right and gets stuck in between the black border on the right wall."
"Good effect and direction .The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"Good effect and direction .The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The balls all fall down. The red ball is on the left. The green and grey balls are on the right."
"The red ball falls on top of the green ball.  The red ball rolls off to the right and pushes the green ball off to the left.  Both of the balls land on the purple bar."
"The red ball rolls down to the bottom. The green and grey balls fall down. The green ball rolls off the top of the grey ball to the right."
"All the balls fall. The red ball rolls off the slanted bar.  the green ball lands on the 1st slanted bar and rolls off hitting the red ball and pushing the red ball through the opening to the right side of the vertical bars.  The green ball proceeds to land on the grey ball and rolls off to the right landing on the purple bar."
"The red ball falls directly over the green ball causing the green ball to roll over to the left side of the purple platform and the red ball to roll over to the right side of the purple platform."
"Good effect and direction .The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The red ball goes down. The red ball hits the green ball. The red ball rolls off the black bar to the bottom."
"The red ball falls to the bottom. The grey and green balls fall down. They roll to the right."
"The red ball falls onto the green balls right side, pushing the ball off the black playform, which lands on the purple platform."
"The green ball falls over the red ball while the red ball falls on the black platform the green ball rolls over the small border onto the purple platform."
"The medium sized green ball and the small red ball are dropped at the same time and head towards the opening between the long black platforms. The green and red balls collide with the green ball receiving a boost from the red ball and heading in to the opening between the black platforms. The green ball comes to rest on the purple platform."
"The green ball falls over the top left side of the red ball causing the red ball to move slightly right. The green ball then rolls over from the black divider and goes left to land on the purple bar."
"The balls fall with the red hitting the vertical black bar making it go right. The green ball hits the red ball's left side, making it go severely left. It hits the floor and rolls into the purple platform."
"GOOD EFFECT AND DIRECTION .The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The green ball falls until it lands on the black platform. The green ball rolls to the right down the black platform. When it reaches the end of the black platform, it falls down and to the right until it contacts the purple bar. The momentum of the green ball carries up the purple bar to the right until it hits the right wall. The green ball then rolls down the purple bar to the left until it hits the red ball and stops, still in contact with the purple bar."
"The balls fall with the red hitting the ground and the green landing on the right side of the red, also touching the black vertical bar."
"GOOD EFFECT AND DIRECTION"
"Good effect and direction .The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The balls fall, with the red hitting the floor and the green landing on the red with its right side, pushing it to the left. It touches the small black vertical wall and continues to roll onto the purple flooring."
"Good effect and direction .The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The green ball falls, and bounces off of the red ball. As it bounces it rolls to the left, over the short dividing wall, and onto the goal area."
"Both red and green ball fall. The green ball falls on the red ball and rolls to the right landing on the the purple bar."
"The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball lands on the vertical black bar.  The green ball lands on the red ball and rolls to the left onto the purple bar."
"Good effect and direction .The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The red ball falls down. The green ball falls down. The red and green balls hit the bottom."
"The red ball rolls down the bar. The green ball rolls behind it. The balls get trapped."
"The balls fall with the red hitting the ground and the green landing on the red's right side which pushes off to the right. It lands on the ground and rolls onto the purple area of the floor."
"The red ball rolls to the left. The cup tips to the right. The green ball rolls out."
"Both the balls drop.  The red ball falls into the cup and gets stuck the green ball lands on the red ball and rolls left onto the purple bar."
"The balls fall with the green landing on the red's right side and being pushed towards the purple slope. The red ball falls off the black ledge at the same time the green rolls down the purple slope. The wedge into each other and stop moving."
"Both the balls fall and the red ball lands on the black slanted bar.  The green ball lands on black bar behind the red ball and both the balls rolls off the black bar to the right.  The red ball falls off onto the purple bar and the green ball rolls off onto the purple bar and stays."
"The balls fall, with the large red ball falling into the cup and sealing it. The green ball falls on top of the red ball and rolls off to the left, landing on the purple goal area."
"Both the balls fall.  The red ball lands on the slanted black bar.  The green ball falls on the red ball and rolls to the right. The red ball follows .  The red ball gets stuck in between the green ball and black bar.  The green ball stays on the purple bar."
"The balls fall, with the red wedging itself into the cup, while the green falls onto the reds left side, which pushes it to the left and onto the purple floor."
"The balls fall with the red landing in the cup shape. The green ball lands on the right side of the red ball which forces it to the right and lands on the purple floor."
"The green ball falls into the cup, but because it's precariously balanced on the red ball, it topples and falls over facing the left. The green ball then rolls out of the cup and onto the purple floor."
"The red ball falls onto the green ball's left side, pushing it to the right. The green ball rolls until hitting the purple wall."
"The green ball falls on the grey cup.  The cup pushing it to the right.  The grey cup pushes the red ball and the green ball rolls off the cup to the left onto the purple bar."
"The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The red and green ball fall.  The green ball lands on the horizontal black bar.  The red ball lands on the green ball.  The red ball rolls off to the right on the black bar and than rolls off the black bar onto the purple bar.  The green ball is pushed off to the left of the black bar onto the purple bar"
"The red ball is dropped and hits the green ball on it's right side. The collision causes the green ball to roll to the left and stop when it reaches the purple bar."
"The small green ball falls and bounces off of the right side of the funnel. After rolling and bouncing on the left side, as well, it finally falls through the opening. It bounces off of the red ball and rolls to the right, over a small platform, and landing on the purple goal area."
"Both the balls fall. The red ball lands on the ground and the green ball lands on top of it.  The green ball rolls off to the right and onto the horizontal black bar and finally onto the purple bar."
"The red ball is dropped and makes contact with the top left edge of the blue ball. When contact is made the red ball bounces left and ends at the very left edge of the platform. The blue ball rolls right and ends at the right edge of the platform."
"The green ball falls on the red ball causing the green ball to slip in between the two black platforms. As the green ball slides down, the red ball, being too large to slide in between the black platforms, stays in between the opening. The green ball slides over to the right directly above the purple platform."
"Once red ball drop on to black bar, green bar move to the most left while red ball move to most right."
"The ball fall, with the green landing on the black sloped platform and going in through the gap. It lands on the red balls left side and is pushed onto a black platform. It continues to roll until getting onto the purple platform."
"Both the green and red ball fall down. The red and green ball hit each other. They separate a little bit. Then they go to the far sides with green on the left and red on the right."
"The green ball slides in between the two slanted bars and hits the red ball on the top left. The red ball falls down to the right side of the black platform while the green ball goes over to the left side over the purple platform."
"The green ball falls down to the black bar. The green ball rolls to the right. It pauses. The green ball falls down to the bottom."
"Red ball flies on the top of green ball on the black bar. It touches and kicks green ball to the right. Green ball is sliding to the right touches purple bar."
"The balls drop and slide down the left side of the funnel. The red ball bounces off both sides of the entrance before beginning its descent, giving the green ball time to get directly on top of the red ball and accompany it down. As the red ball lands, the shock sends the green ball off and to the left, where it rolls until it meets the purple area."
"Both the balls fall.  The red ball lands on the slanted black bar.  The green ball falls on the red ball and rolls to the right. The red ball follows .  The red ball gets stuck in between the green ball and black bar.  The green ball stays on the purple bar."
"The balls fall and the red ball lands on the green balls left side making to go to the right and into the purple wall."
"Both the balls fall and land on the slanted black bars. Both the green and red balls rolls off the black bars through the opening in the middle and onto the floor.  The green ball rolls off to the left and onto the horizontal black bar and finally onto the purple bar. The red ball stops on the right side of the black bar."
"The red ball falls through the middle while the green ball hits it. It slides off the left funnel, falls down and once the bottom happens, the green ball hits the red ball and the green ball heads to the right side of the black bar and lands on the purple bar."
"The balls fall with the green ball landing on the red and being pushed to the center gap. It falls completely to ground on the platform next to the purple platform. It continues to roll until on the purple platform."
"The red ball is dropped. When it hits the blue ball, the red ball rolls to the right while the blue ball starts to roll to the left. The blue ball rolls all the way to the left edge of the platform until it can't go any farther. The red ball rolls towards the right end of the platform, but stops just before getting there."
"A red ball falls. It hits the green ball. Both balls hit the black bar. The green ball rolls to the left. The red ball rolls to the right."
"The blue ball is dropped and crashes into the red ball. It then bounces over the red ball, gently touches the end of the left bar and falls through the opening to the ground and lands just to the left of the black platform. The red ball rolls off the bar and falls to land to the left of the blue ball. The blue ball bounces to the right and goes over the black platform, stopping just to the right of it."
"The balls slide down the funnel and pass through the opening. The red ball was on the right, so it rolls to the left and continues falling. The green ball was on the left and rolls to the right, over the red ball, over a small platform, and onto the purple goal area."
"The red and green ball fall.  The green ball lands on the horizontal black bar.  The red ball lands on the green ball.  The red ball rolls off to the left on the black bar and than rolls.  The green ball is pushed off to the right of the black bar onto the purple bar."
"The balls fall, with the large red ball landing on the ground. The tiny green ball rolls down the funnel and falls, landing on the side of the red ball. This pushes it to the right, and it continues rolling until it reaches the purple goal area."
"Red ball flies above green ball and black bar. Before falling on to black bar , it touches green ball, and push green ball to the right to touch purple bar."
"The green ball falls almost straight through the funnel, but is at a slight angle so that it hits the large red ball. This causes it to bounce back to the left and roll over a small platform, finally landing on the purple goal area."
"The red ball falls down. The red ball hits the green ball. Both balls hit the black bar. The red ball rolls to the left. The green ball rolls to the right"
"As the balls fall, they roll on the ramps and bump into each other before falling through the opening. The bump causes them both to fall slightly to the right, but the red ball bounces against a raised spot on the floor and bounces back towards the left, while the green ball continues on to the purple goal area."
"The balls drop with the green hitting the floor first and the red falling onto the greens left side. The Green is pushed to the right and stops"
"Red ball fly above green ball on the black bar. Once red ball touch green ball, it kicks green ball to the left on to purple bar."
"The ball fall and when the green ball hits the reds right side it is thrown to the right and down the gap. The red stops in the gap, and the green lands on the black platform on the ground. It continues to rolls until on the purple platform."
"The tiny green ball falls first, and after bouncing at the entrance to the funnel, falls through and rolls to the right. It continues to roll until it hits the purple goal area."
"The red ball falls on top of the green ball. Both balls go to opposite sides of the black bar."
"The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The green and red ball drop down. The green ball goes straight between the black bars. The red ball rolls down the left black bar. The green ball rolls to the end of the purple bar. The red ball rolls all the way to the left."
"The green ball is dropped and rolls down the slope and through the gap. The angle make the green ball fall onto the red balls left side, which forces the green ball to continue to roll until on the purple platform."
"The red ball is dropped. When it makes contact with the blue ball, the force sends the blue ball left and the red ball right. Both balls roll to their ends of the platform."
"The balls fall and hit the sloped platform. They collide with each other and then fall down the gap. The green ball lands on a black platform next to the purple platform, and continues to roll to the purple platform."
"both balls are dropped at the same time. The blue ball lands on the platform and the red ball immediately lands on top of the blue ball. The force from the impact pushes the blue ball to the right edge of the platform. Meanwhile, the red ball bounces and rolls to the left end."
"The red and green ball fall.  The green ball lands on the black bar and the red ball lands on the green bar.  The red ball rolls off the green ball to the left and the red ball is pushed to the right and lands on the purple bar."
"Both the balls fall and land on the slanted black bars. the green ball rolls off the black bars through the opening in the middle and onto the floor.  The green ball rolls off to the left and onto the horizontal black bar and finally onto the purple bar. The red ball gets stuck on the black bar."
"The balls are dropped at the same time. The blue ball hits the platform first. The red ball follows just after it and lands on top of the blue ball. The force pushes the blue ball to the right while the red ball rolls to the left side. The red ball bounces off the edge at the end and starts to roll back to the right a bit."
"Red ball is going to fall on to black bar. It touches green ball before arriving on to black bar. Green ball is sliding to the left touches purple bar."
"Both the balls fall. The red ball lands on the ground and the green ball lands on top of it.  The green ball rolls off to the left and onto the horizontal black bar and finally onto the purple bar."
"The green balls falls over the red ball and rolls down towards the right side of the black bar while the red ball rolls over the left side of the black bar."
"The red ball falls first. The green ball collides with the red ball and straddles it until the bottom when the balls repel each other, with the red ball standing in place while the green balls hit it at an angle to where it goes left of the top black bar onto the purple bar."
"Red and green balls are flying on top of black bar.They touch each other on the black bar, green ball slides to the right, and touches purple bar."
"The balls fall, with the red ball falling straight down and the green ball rolling down the right side of the funnel (to the left.) It falls through the small opening and bounces off of the red ball, causing it to roll back to the left over a small platform and stopping in the purple goal area to the right."
"The green ball is dropped and hits the first black platform on the right. The green ball rolls down the black platform and drops on the red ball on the right side. The collision causes the green ball to bounce to the right and eventually roll to the purple platform."
"The red and green ball fall.  The green ball lands on the black bar and the red ball lands on the green bar.  The red ball rolls off the green ball to the left and the red ball is pushed to the right and lands on the purple bar."
"The balls falls and roll towards the center. They collide with each other and fall through the gap between the sloped platforms. The green lands on the black platform and continues to roll towards and onto the purple platform."
"The red and green ball fall onto the blue bar.  The blue bar pushes the green ball onto the ground with the red ball and they land on the purple bar."
"The balls drop with the green passing through the center sloped hole. The green falls towards the red at its right side. It bounces from the red ball towards the right and lands on a purple platform."
"The balls fall with the green landing on the horizontal blue bar and the red ball falling to the corner of the vertical black bar and the floor. The green ball rolls to the red ball and is stopped while still touching the blue bar."
"The red ball falls and the green ball rolls down the slant.  The green ball pushes the red ball right into the purple cup and the green ball follows into the purple cup."
"Both green ball and red ball fall down."
"The balls fall, with the red ball landing on the ramp and the green ball rolling down the ramp towards the cup. The green ball pushes the red ball, and the red ball falls into the cup first, followed by the green ball."
"The balls roll down the ramp with the red ball landing inside of the cup first and the green ball landing on top of it."
"The red ball drops and depressed the left hand side of the fulcrum. It continues to roll to the left until it's stopped by the side wall, as the green ball falls, runs alongside the red ball, and lands on the blue fulcrum."
"The red ball falls and the green ball rolls down the slant.  The green ball pushes the red ball right into the purple cup and the green ball follows into the purple cup."
"The red ball hits the black bar. The green bar hits the right side of the black bar, bringing it down to the point where it touches the red ball. These two balls would rest in place, and the black ball under the blue bar stays in place."
"The green ball rolls to the right off the black bar and rolls over the grey bar and black bar into the purple cup."
"The balls fall with the red hitting the ground first, the green hitting the ground, and the smaller blue landing on the red ball's left side. The blue ball is pushed to the left making it roll on the ground and touching the green ball."
"The red and green ball fall onto the blue bar on the left side.  The blue bar pushes the red ball onto the ground with the green ball and they land next to the vertical black bar and the red ball stays stuck between the green ball on the blue bar."
"The balls fall with the red hitting the ground, and the green hitting the red's right side and moving towards the right. The blue hits bottom and is then hit from the side by the green ball ."
"The balls fall and the green lands on the floor. The Red lands on the floor but is the landed on by a blue ball, which is forced left and moves towards the green where is touches green and stays."
"The green ball is dropped on to the red ball.  This causes the red ball to hit the blue bar which causes it to tilt to the left.  The green ball then bounces over to the bar and makes it tilt in the opposite direction."
"The red and green ball fall onto the blue bar on the left side.  The blue bar pushes the green ball onto the ground with the red ball and they land next to the vertical black bar and the green ball stays stuck between the red ball on the blue bar.  The red ball is on the ground."
"The red ball hits bottom. The green ball hits bottom. The blue ball hits the red ball at an angle where it collides with the green ball. The red ball barely moves to the right."
"The green ball falls on the bar. The bar falls to the left. The green ball rolls down to the red ball."
"The blue ball falls and bounces on the large red ball, rolling off to the left. It continues rolling all the way until it meets with the green ball that fell straight down."
"The large green ball falls and lands on the very right end of the blue bar, which causes it to roll to the right. The tiny red dot has also fallen and is run over by the green ball. The green ball continues to push it to the right."
"Both green ball and red ball fall down. The red ball lands on the black platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball."
"The balls fall, but because the red ball is larger, it makes the blue bar shift to the left. This causes the green ball to roll to the left, as well, until it collides with the red ball."
"The red and green ball fall onto the blue bar on the left side.  The blue bar pushes the green ball onto the ground with the red ball and they land next to the vertical black bar and the green ball stays stuck between the red ball on the blue bar."
"All three balls fall.  The red ball lands on the ground and the green ball falls on top of the red ball and rolls to the right into the blue ball on the floor."
"The green falls and touches the blue bar"
"The green ball rolls off from the red ball to the right and stays there."
"Both balls fall.  The green ball lands on the blue bar.  The green ball rolls to the left and pushes into the red ball."
"Both balls fall.  The green ball lands on the blue bar.  The green ball rolls to the right and pushes into the red ball."
"The balls drop, with the red ball landing on the blue bar first. The red ball depresses the blue bar, and the red ball rolls to the right. The green ball lands and also rolls to the right, following the red ball and landing just off of the bar."
"The balls fall with the green falling between two of the black horizontal bars and landing on the right side of the larger red ball. This pushes the red ball to the left, and the green ball into the purple cup."
"The balls drop, with the larger red ball falling first and landing on the last step and rolling to the right. The smaller green ball follows, bouncing off the red ball and falling to the left into the hole between the stairs and landing in the purple cup."
"The red and green ball fall onto the blue bar.  The blue bar pushes the green ball onto the ground with the red ball and they land on the purple bar."
"The red and green ball fall onto the blue bar on the right side.  The blue bar pushes the green ball onto the ground with the red ball and they land next to the vertical black bar and the green ball stays stuck between the red ball on the blue bar.  The red ball is on the ground."
"The tiny red dot lands, but is run over by the green ball when it falls. This forces the red dot off to the right where it falls, and the green ball rolls to the left and off of the step. It lands in the purple cup."
"The balls fall, and the tiny red ball lands on the last stair. The larger green ball also lands on the last stair, pushing the smaller red ball off to the right to fall in a gap to the right of the cup. The green ball, however, rolls to the right off of the last stair and falls directly into the purple cup."
"The red and green balls fall down. The green ball rolls down the bars. The red ball falls between the ear shape."
"The balls fall with the red wedging itself between the cup and the wall. The green falls onto the platform and then rolls off landing on the wedged red ball below. Landing on the right side of the red ball makes it roll right and land into the purple cup shape."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball lands on the black bar and the green ball lands on the red ball.  The green ball rolls to the left into the purple cup.  The red ball gets pushed to the right off the black bar and away from the purple cup."
"The balls fall, with the tiny red ball landing on the last stair platform. The larger green ball lands on top of it and pushes it off to the right, where it falls off the step and lands outside of the purple cup. The green  ball rolls to the left, off of the platform and directly into the purple cup."
"The small green ball starts to roll down the stairs but falls in between the first and second step. The red ball falls and gets stuck between the left wall and the cup. The small green ball lands on it and rolls off to the right, rolling inside of the purple cup and stopping."
"The red and green ball fall.  The green ball lands on the black bar and the red ball lands on the left side of the cup.  The green ball rolls to the right into the purple cup.  The red ball gets pushed to the left off the black bar and away from the purple cup."
"The red and green ball fall.  They both land on the blue bar.  The red ball pushes down the blue bar and rolls to the left.  The green ball follows."
"The red and green ball fall onto the blue bar on the left side.  The blue bar pushes the green ball onto the ground with the red ball and they land next to the vertical black bar and the red ball stays stuck between the green ball on the blue bar."
"The balls fall, and the large green ball lands on top of the red dot. This pushes the red dot off to the right, while the green ball rolls off to the left and falls into the purple cup."
"The balls fall with the green ball landing on the left side of the red ball which landed on a black platform. This causes the red ball to go right, and the green ball to go left, falling into the purple jar."
"The tiny red ball falls, but is knocked off of the last step by the green ball. The red ball rolls off to the right, landing outside the cup, but the collision has made the green ball roll to the left. It rolls off of the last step and falls into the purple cup."
"The green ball falls hitting the red ball on the right side pushing the red ball to the left and the green to the right. The green ball falls into the purple cup shape."
"The red ball falls on top of the green bar.  The green bar gets pushed to the left and falls onto the purple bar.  The red ball stays on the black bar."
"The red and green ball fall.  The green ball lands on the black bar and the red ball lands on the right side of the cup.  The green ball rolls to the right into the purple cup.  The red ball gets pushed to the right off the black bar and away from the purple cup."
"The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The red ball drops, landing on the green vertical bar which pushes it to the right to where if falls off the black platform and lands on the purple floor."
"The red ball hits the stairs first, comes in contact with the green ball when the green ball lands on top of it, and flies off to the right of the cup and bar, getting stuck. The green ball lands in the cup."
"Everything falls, with the red ball falling first and getting stuck at the point where the two diagonal bars meet. The cup lands on top, tilting it slightly, and the green ball rolls out and rests against the purple bar."
"Gravity takes hold and the tiny red ball begins rolling down the diagonal  black bar. The grey cup falls, lands on the red ball, and rolls with it for a short time before it topples over to the right. It gets stuck in the fulcrum of the two diagonal bars and the green ball rolls out, touching the purple bar. The small red ball is pinned on the other side."
"The red ball is dropped and causes the silver cup to fall and spill over to the left. The green ball falls out of the cup and rests on to the platforms where they both met in the middle."
"When the red ball is dropped, it falls right alongside the left side of the vertical blue bar. When it hits the platform, the force knocks the blue bar to the ground below. The ball rolls slightly left, stopping before it reaches the edge."
"The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"Red ball on the top of green bar vertically located on black bar. Once the red ball falling on to black bar, the green bar fall down to purple bar."
"The cup slides down. It tips over and spills the green ball. The green ball falls. The red ball falls and gets stuck between the tipped cup and the purple bar."
"The red ball falls and the grey cup falls.  The red ball lands on the purple bar and the grey cup lands on the red ball.  The grey cup falls over and the green ball rolls out to the right and lands on the purple bar."
"The red ball falls and knocks the green bar to the left. It topples and falls off the black platform to land on the purple floor."
"The cup with the ball slides down the black ball until it collides with the purple bar.  At that point the green ball is released."
"The red ball falls. It hits the green line. The green line falls. The red ball falls too."
"The red ball falls and the grey cup falls.  The red ball lands on the purple bar and the grey cup lands on the red ball.  The grey cup falls over and the green ball rolls out to the right and lands on the purple bar."
"As the cup slides down the ramp, it gets stuck when the two bars meet and ends up horizontal. The red and green ball roll out and touch the purple bar."
"A slight shift towards the right from the red bar to the green bar drops the green bar onto the purple bar."
"The red ball is dropped and rolls down the left side of the bar until it reaches the black platform. The force knocks the blue bar off the right edge of the platform. It eventually lands at the ground below. During this time, the red ball rolls to the right, but stops before reaching the right end of the platform."
"The ball and cup slide down the black bar and land in the point where the diagonal lines meet. The red ball is stuck directly in the point, causing the grey cup to land off center and topple. The green ball rolls out and connects with the purple bar."
"This is similar to billiards.  By dropping the red ball two ball lengths, the green bar will drop to the purple bar."
"Red ball flies on the top of green bar. Red ball hits the top of green bar. Green bar falling to the left touches purple bar."
"The red ball falls. It hits the green line, tilting it to the right. The red ball rolls down the green line onto the black bar."
"The red ball falls, knocking the green straw to the left. As the straw falls, it knocks the cup off balance which causes it to tip and pin the green straw against the purple wall."
"The red ball hits the green bar just so to the point the green bar is propelled off the black bar onto the purple bar, where the red ball slowly drifts toward the middle of the middle black bar."
"Red ball fly above the green bar. Green ball falling to purple bar once red ball touch its top."
"The red ball never moves from it's position at the top left side of the blue vertical bar."
"The red ball falls onto the vertical green bar.  The red ball falls and pushes the green bar to the right and the green bar lands on the purple bar."
"The ball is dropped onto the right side of the green bar.  This knocks the green bar to the left.  The force from the ball makes the green bar in the cup tilt and lean unto the purple wall."
"The red ball falls hitting the green bar with its left side. This pushes the green vertical bar to the left, which leans onto the purple wall."
"The red ball falls over the left side of the green bar making it tilt over and fall on the purple platform on the right. The red ball slides over to the left."
"The red ball rolls off the left side. The green ball rolls off the right side. They roll a little and then stop."
"The red ball falls downward. It hits the top of the green bar. The green bar falls to the right into the purple bar. The red ball rolls down the green bar. The red ball rolls away to the other side on the left"
"Once the red ball fall on the black bar, the green bar fall on to the ground."
"The red ball falls onto the vertical green bar.  The red ball falls and pushes the green bar to the left and the green bar lands on the purple bar."
"The red ball falls and lands on the vertical green bar.  The vertical green bar is pushed to the right and it lands on the purple bar.  The red ball rolls until it stops on the horizontal black bar."
"Red ball fly above green bar. Once the red ball going to the ground, the green bar falling to the purple bar."
"The red ball falls on top of the green bar.  The green bar gets pushed to the right and falls onto the purple bar.  The red ball stays on the black bar."
"The red ball falls onto the vertical green bar.  The red ball falls and pushes the green bar to the right and the green bar lands on the purple bar."
"The red ball falls and pushes the green bar to the right, which falls down onto the purple floor below."
"The red ball is dropped and it lands on the green vertical bar, pushing the bar to the right and making it lean enough to where it touches the purple wall."
"The red ball is dropped and knocks the blue bar off the left end of the platform to the ground. The red ball rolls right from the force. but stops just before it reaches the right end of the platform."
"The red ball lands on the black platform first, and the green ball falls onto the red ball."
"The red ball falls and knocks the green bar to the right. It goes horizontal and then falls off and underneath the platform to land on the purple floor."
"The red ball hits the top of the green bar, propelling the green bar to fall onto the purple bar horizontally. The red ball stays on the middle black bar."
"The green ball goes down. The green ball hits the grey ball. The grey ball hits the red ball. The balls go to the bottom. The green ball rolls to the left. The three balls line up."
"The red ball drops and knocks the green bar to the right. It falls off and lands on the purple floor while the red ball rolls slightly to the left."
"The red ball falls down. The red ball hits the green line. The green line falls to the right. The red ball rolls to the left. The red ball rolls off the black bar"
"The red and green balls fall down. They roll down the black balls."
"The red and green ball fall.  The green ball hits the black rocks first.  The red ball falls onto the green ball and rolls left.  The green ball rolls left and both fall through an opening onto the purple bar."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball lands on a black rock and the green ball lands on the red ball.  The red ball rolls to the left and the red ball gets stuck in between two black rocks."
"Good effect and direction .The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The balls fall, but the red ball gets stuck in the dots. The smaller green ball, however, falls through them and bumps a few times before landing on the purple goal floor."
"The balls falls with the green hitting the black ball and being forces to the left side. The green ball falls on to the purple floor, and the red gets stuck between two black balls."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball lands on the horizontal black bar.  The green ball lands on the red ball.  The green ball rolls off to the left on the black bar and than rolls off the black bar onto the purple bar.  The red ball stays on the black bar."
"The balls drop, with the red ball landing on the black platform and the green ball landing on top of the red ball. The green ball rolls off to the left, briefly touching the platform before continuing to roll off and land on the purple floor."
"The balls fall but the red ball get stuck in between two dots. The green ball lands on top of the red ball and rolls slightly to the left, falling through the spaces between balls and landing on the purple area."
"The green ball falls into the red ball. The green ball rolls to the left to the bottom. The red ball rolls off to the right."
"Red ball is arriving on to black bar. Once arrive, green ball touch ball, eventually green ball fall down to the purple bar."
"The balls fall with the red ball landing on the black platform and the green landing on the red. The green is forced left and lands onto the purple bar below."
"The green ball falls onto the red ball. The green ball rolls down the black balls to the left. The ball falls down to the bottom."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball lands on the horizontal black bar.  The green ball lands on the red ball.  The red ball rolls off to the left on the black bar and than rolls off the black bar onto the purple bar.  The green ball rolls to the right off the black bar onto the purple bar."
"The red ball drops the platform less than a second before the blue ball falls. The blue ball lands on top of the red ball on the platform. It falls to the right side of the red ball onto the platform. Both balls stay put."
"The red and green ball fall.  Both balls fall through the black rocks and land onto the purple bar."
"The red ball immediately gets stuck between two dots, but the larger green ball falls between holes and reaches the purple bottom relatively unhindered."
"The green ball falls onto the red's right side which forces the green to go right, and rolls off the black platform. It lands on the purple platform."
"The red ball remains stuck on the dots. The green ball collides with the red ball."
"The balls are dropped at the same time. The red ball makes contact with the platform. Immediately after, the blue ball lands on top of the red ball. At this contact, the red ball bounces slightly right and lands on the platform. The red ball rolls and falls off the right edge of the platform to fall on the ground below."
"Both the balls fall.  The red ball lands on the horizontal black bar and the green ball lands on the red ball.  The green ball rolls off to the right off the black bar and onto the purple bar."
"As gravity takes effect, the edge touching the green ball doesn't fall as quickly, causing the cup to topple to the left. As it does, it gets stuck in the opening and pins the green ball in place as the large red ball pumps up against it."
"The large red ball rolls down the ramp and pushes the entire silver cup to the left. The green ball rolls off of its ramp and into the cup."
"The balls drop, with the red ball landing first since it was furthest down. The green ball lands on top of the red ball, and then rolls off to the left, causing it to fall off of the black platform and onto the purple goal floor."
"The red ball slides down the right bar. The red ball hits the cup. The blue ball rolls to the opposite side of the cup."
"The large red rolls down the slope and runs into a grey vertical platform. The grey platform is disrupted enough to make the green ball fall off the grey piece and onto the purple floor."
"The green ball falls onto the reds right side, pushing it to the left and pushing the green to the right. The green ball falls on the purple ground below."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball lands on the horizontal black bar.  The green ball lands on the red ball.  The green ball rolls off to the right on the black bar and than rolls off the black bar onto the purple bar.  The red ball is pushed off to the left of the black bar onto the purple bar"
"The red ball falls and lands at the right edge of the platform and nearly immediately, the blue ball hits the platform, as well. The blue balls rolls to the left edge of the platform and stops just as it's almost about to fall to the ground."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball lands on the horizontal black bar.  The green ball lands on the red ball.  The green ball rolls off to the left on the black bar and than rolls off the black bar onto the purple bar."
"The red and green ball fall.  The red ball lands on the horizontal black bar.  The green ball lands on the red ball.  The green ball rolls off to the left on the black bar and than rolls off the black bar onto the purple bar.  The red ball is pushed off to the right of the black bar onto the purple bar"
"The balls fall, and the larger green ball knocks the smaller red ball off of the platform to the left. It continues falling until it hits the purple goal area."
"Red ball is arriving on to black bar. Once arrived, touched and pushed green ball to the right. Green ball fell down to purple bar."
"The red ball falls. The red ball hits the green ball. The green ball rolls to the left but doesn't fall. The red ball falls off the right to the bottom."
"The red ball is flying on to green ball on black bar. Red ball touches green ball, green ball sliding to the left and fall on to purple bar."
"The red ball drops and pushes the green ball to the left, making it fall off the black platform and onto the purple floor beneath."
"The red ball is dropped. When it hits the blue ball, it sends the blue ball rolling to the right until it rolls off the platform and to the ground. It stays in place when it lands. The red ball remains on the leftmost edge of the platform after it's dropped."
"the red ball drops onto the green ball pushing over the edge and landing on the purple"
"The larger red ball falls on to the side of the small green ball. The force from the red ball causes the green ball to roll to the left off the black platform and on to the purple bar below."
"Red ball is falling on to black bar. When arrives touches green ball. Green ball is sliding to the left, falls down on the purple bar."
"Good effect and direction .The green ball is then bounced to right, lands on the black platform, and moves to the right. The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"Red ball falling on to green ball on the black bar.Red ball touches green ball, green ball slides to the left and fall on to purple bar."
"The red ball falls over towards the right side of the green ball causing the red ball to fall below on the right side of the purple platform. The green ball rolls over slightly towards the left tip of the black platform."
"The red ball falls over the green ball causing the red ball go to the right of the purple platform and the green ball to the left of the purple platform."
"The green ball falls through the black platform and finally lands on the purple bar at the bottom."
"The red ball falls onto the right side of the green ball, and pushes it off the platform and onto the purple platform below."
"Red ball is falling on to black bar. Push green ball to the right, it falls down to the purple bar."
"The red ball is dropped on to the green ball and hits it on it's right side. The collision cause the green ball to roll to the left off the black platform and come to rest on the purple platform below."
